I have class at 930AM tomorrow and there's 25 of us going to the Red Sox game tonight.......
What a performance so far from Galway native Paul Dunne @user Good luck tomorrow you can do it! #nofear
@user  a few of the pictures I personally took at MetLife on Wednesday. Tried getting you good pics of him
@user I want too But it is the same night at Nuit Blanche. I will make an appearance hopefully. Miss you too lovely.
In 22 starts David Price has 149 strikeouts. In his 22nd start Hutchinson just got his 100th strikeout. Hutch has some work to do #BlueJays
Do you have your HST made for the Diamond Chevrons QAL?  Tomorrow the assembly directions go up!!
@user stop, sry @user SEP 1st is the correct! a MUST BUY in PS STORE! (I wish PS4 would have a #Wishlist ;) ) #BetterPSN!"
@user u may b on Forbes but ur dumbass will go bankrupt eventually. Rousey is smart with her money unlike ur dumdass
@user next Wednesday going to the Disney one. No chance Avril will go to the universal night #wimp
Thinking Thursday: Your affectionate WORSHIP will lead you into effective WARFARE! ~Narda Goodson\u002c 2012 Narda\u2019s Nuggets
Chelsea and I might be going gym Friday??
"Donny: How come you don't roll on Saturday, Walter?  Walter Sobchak: I'm shomer shabbos."
my dad is enjoying twilight lmao... he keeps tellin me to shush while i quote every 2nd line bc he wants to watch it
@user Nah. Nothing wrong with it. Enjoyed the hell out of it on the PS4's beta. Keep up the great work. See ya November 6th :D
"For my book worms: Murder in Italy about Amanda Knox and \""""In the Middle of the Night\"""" about Dr. Petit family in Connecticut are great reads!"
Jack and Jack if you see this I will dress as Miley Cyrus to my first day of college and blast Calibraska as promo
Measure out half an 8th put it in a shell. Split it then I roll it then light it up like it's Independence Day
Please register for this free event with Gov. Scott Walker on Monday in Sun City. It is open to the public!
"On some real shit its August 9th and frank ocean still has not dropped that "" album "" and I'm honestly truly truly pissed the fuck off"
New Die Hard movie coming out Feb 14.. Looks like Bruce Willis is going to be my Valentines date:o)
"Dominant Christian ""culture"" is drowning out the truly loving and progressive Christians that I know of. :(
Govt-shutdown caucus may not be ready to go to the mattresses over Planned Parenthood.
Happy Birthday Beyonce... now when it's Feb 2nd I want this reciprocated lol
Last time the #STLCards swept a team was a two game series against the White Sox starting July 21st
Now On Sale! Mindbender: Tribute to the Grateful Dead @ Owsley's Golden Road Boulder CO / Aug 15th 2015 7:00pm
@user @user just saw a lady in a straw hat and it reminded me of how calibraska comes out TOMORROW. im so proud of u guys
@user , saw you in glasgow, loveeedd #dropdeadgorgeous  please notice me , RT/follow, would mean loads if i got a follow xx"
"I am not pretty, i am not beautiful, i am as radiant as the sun. -the most purf person ever: Miss Jennifer Lawrence       ~M"
@user   And now the Pope who has forgiven annulments.   I think his words were "fuck and be fucked"   I may have translated that wrong.
Tweets about AC/DC establish Ashley Madison hack suspect - The hacker behind the recent Ashley Madison leak may ha...
FasTracKids Back to School Reading Club - You may have started getting your child back into the routine of an...
my mam just bought Liam a car but all he's bothered about is going to digi tomorrow night
@user you say. Sunday I\u2019ll be at the Wikipedia Women\u2019s Workshop. Can meet before or after that.
"Aaron Rodgers jersey battery room, under the windmill. Wagnoli - 4 August 2011 - Blog - designer wedding dresses sale,"
"GUYS there's a chance I might go back to the stadium where WWAT was in, next saturday! It's not confirmed yet but I hope I can go!"
@user The 1st half goals was just to tell you how it is in premeirship.you really did your very best and #teamunited from Nigeria loves u
I'm going to see Paul McCartney perform on October 13th. I can't believe it!
Thank you all for coming to the stream tonight! Very laid back tonight :D Tomorrow! We play Minecraft and more! :D
Iran and the Region in 2015 | The Iran Primer
@user @user are you really saying that FPS Russia plays with airsoft guns...c\u2019mon he doesn\u2019t need that he\u2019s got the real shit
Gonna be great seeing all the plastic chelsea fans coming out the woodwork around sth london when they play us tomorrow. #NeverBeenToAGame
June 7-8 Red Sox at Giants. Who's down to go and boo from the 3rd baseline?
"We're not so far from Lady Gaga, c'mon! We can do it!   #MTVSTARS One Direction"
Dustin Johnson about to be off the wagon after another Sunday in a major.
@user hey do you know if Shawn is going to be opening up for Taylor on Saturday??
Ashley confirmed it to me that they met at the beginning of Feb so Im guessing he met Briana during 1st - 5th of Feb
@user Don\u2019t get me wrong I love Bruno Mars he is amazing but that Grammy should have went to Adam for Best Pop Vocal. I mean c\u2019mon!
Stamkos doesn't deserve more $$$ than Toews or Kane...no #Stanley cups...he may get big $$$...but he won't sign with #MapleLeafs...#nocup
Ruby Tuesday Streamlines Hiring and Onboarding of Team Members with Oracle Talent Management Cloud #HCM
It's the last regular Sunday market before Christmas (though there will of course be the ever-popular Twilight...
#Trayvon My daily tweet(s) 10/17 and 10/18 in memory of Trayvon Martin - killed 236 days ago.~May you Rest in Peace~ (Love to the family)
@user well.. Norman Reedus said he'd drop everything he's doing to film the 3rd Boondock Saints. Just a heads up haha.
"You can totally hear a guy from the 2nd floor singing from the top of his lungs to \""""What Makes You Beautiful\"""". Lol."
1st of all...why didn't Meek help Nicki to the stage. I would have cussed him to filth
Got my tix to Victory Rally w/ Mitt\u002c Ann & the GOP team at Fiddler\u2019s Green on Saturday. Should be a monster hoot.
Exciting game Fri nite Wildcat football...not ur fault it was not a win...mayb this wk...Go Cats
David Owen: Why British Olympic sport may miss a man it should have made ...
I remember buying my tickets to rowyso last year the day of my wwa concert at MetLife and now tomorrow is the concert
@user also kids and cell phones.saw a 3rd grader w/ their own phone the other day. My kid is starting off like me. With a Nokia brick
I'm going to IHOP tomorrow.
"Tickets almost sold out!, see me at the Queen Mary in Long Beaxh next Saturday with Ice Cube,, Ashanti,, T pain,, 2nd to None,, #shutdown"
RT @user Britney: Lady Gaga's here tonight. Me: WHAT? *Watches Gaga the rest of the night *  Me: Who's concert was that ? I  ...
"Just out of curiosity, why doesn't Dean Ambrose have a match Sunday? And why did we get gypped out of seeing him wrestle tonight?"
@user @user Chelsea goes to school tomorrow, you ask to wear sweats..  I go to school and I get an insta post.. You do the math
What a crazy night with Bob Sinclar at the club. Next date: Snoop Dogg that Saturday August 8th!
@user is there any word on patch &amp; DLC file sizes for PS4? Have 10GB left of data allowance til the 12th (rural internet boo).
"All of the \""real\"" Democrats won their respective races & will move on 2 face the 6 recalled Republican state senators on August 9 #YesWeCan"
Are there any Aussie Directioners from Canberra?? going there on the 12th of September would love to meet some More Aussie Directioners <3
On September 4 1993, Madonna's fifth single taken from her Erotica album, Rain, moved to #17 on the Billboard Hot...
@user Breakout Kings went downhill when they killed the black dude first ep of the 2nd season.
Because @user still hasn't put a pre order button for the Galaxy Note 5 on the website, I'm going to a store tomorrow to pick it up.
Comment passed by @user to the effect that MATRON is a dead ringer for Caitlyn JENNER. He may have a point.
Taylor Swift attends the Paris Fashion Week at Espace Ephemere Tuileries. [3 oct]
My niece has a project due on the Washington Monument next Friday
@user yes, I asked an attendant to print out a paper pass. But this was not the 1st time delta IOS app lost my login info. Annoying.
my mum is going to london in a couple of days. just glad she wasn't there tonight!
RT @user Comedy central on point tonight.
@user {Ari heard Circe\u2019s giggle and sat up in her hammock} Er\u002c anybody there? {She called out\u002c scanning the shore line of the--
The Americans may not have won the opening night game but they are totally running the Big Brother show. #CBBUK
This Monday come and laugh your hearts outs all @user with  @user @user @user at Hilton Hotel
Box Office: 'Pixels' beats 'Ant-Man' on Friday but is it game over for the weekend?
@user Paul McCartney may have sung about Jet, but my vote's for Tails."
Nokia n97 small fry - do the trick each and every devil-may-care in there with equal exclusive chromesthesia: WAvuVw
I'm gonna make fun of Danee tomorrow because she likes the Lakers. I don't even care but I just like being mean to Danee sometimes.
Holy heat wave,  Batman! That was a scorcher today!  Be sure to rehydrate tonight! See you tomorrow at 8am for Summer Sunset Blast cleanup!
"Barry and Alan are on your Sunday Night Request Show and about to launch into some Nirvana and ""Come As You Are""  Head banging optional..."
Check out the new video for #Blackstar off David Bowie's upcoming album Blackstar out 8 January 2016.
"Dustin Pedroia returns to the Red Sox lineup...out since July 22nd...""Win every game the rest of the way we're in.""...A 29 game win streak?"
Happy 15th birthday  to the greatest mobile phone of all time! Nokia 3310
Wwe summerslam vip meet and greet ticket with randy orton:  $175.00 (0 Bids)End Date: Tuesday Aug-... #wwetickets
Malkin playing Thursday: QuotePenguins center Evgeni Malkin is set to play his first game of the season ... #Hockey
May fall asleep on the couch watching OU and Eastern #naptime
Fleetwood Mac very well may be one of the best bands in history.
I literally cannot freaking wait to see Paper Towns on Wednesday I just know it is going to be soooo good.  #PaperTowns
So 1st official day of football! So excited! Can't wait for some Jets football Monday night!
Quiet Monday night in watching Harry Potter number 6 and mentally preparing myself for the paperwork nightmare that awaits me tomorrow.
@user @user D\u002c you\u2019re the closest source btwn fans & team. BTW heard cards may sign Billy Cundiff. Any truth?! #snarklife
On 6 September 2001, Michael Jackson made a surprise appearance at the mtv vma where she danced with * Nsync.
Oracle is the worst thing that ever happened to Sun and Solaris. Full Stop.
Donald Trump: Jeb Bush should be 'speaking English while in the United States': Donald Trump on Wednesday fire...
the 4th great ninja war in naruto is 11 hours long. later guys
"Bacca scores and his Milan side get the better of Muriel's Sampdoria, his 8th for the Rossoneri. #COL. #JuniorFC.
@user lamela was shite on Saturday and as for Kane it's no goals in 3, he scored final day of season against Everton remember"
"James: ""Why can't Big Brother just throw us a coup d'etat?"" Meg: ""Seriously!"" James: ""...and on Thursday we'll have the last laugh."" #BB17"
@user May available po bang polycarbonate shells for 630 sa mga Nokia stores nationwide? And how bout the price range? Thanks!
David Wright expected to return to the #Mets tomorrow.   Wright has been out since late-April with hamstring and...
@user Demi sat on Miley's bed and groaned. She whispered why can't I come with you to Italy? This is soooo not fair.
@user tomorrow maybe!? Like during Tok and lunch? I\u2019ll go tomorrow and you can go Wednesday? :)
@user Just wanted to let you know that TVD was AMAZING tonight!!! Only the 4th episode and it was so intense! Loved it! :)
"But Idk if u wanna say that Bad Blood promote violence n stuff, why do ppl make toy gun for kids in the 1st place?"
"Gonna do a movie marathon with my friend today and tomorrow. Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse, BD1, The Runaways, Adventureland, (c)"
@user @user he's off to barca in January
I just cried over a dead badger named Shreddie on Animal Planet. Another tough Friday night.
Tomorrow is the only pool part at night to b at with @user AND @user Splash Dance @user
If you haven't heard Kendrick Lamar x J.Coles Black Friday Freestyle Verse you need to now!
@user yep, Bestival in September. You seen the line up for #brisfest looks pretty good. De La Soul for starters. :D"
Mourinho happy with cup win: Jose Mourinho was satisfied with Real Madrid\u2019s 4-1 first leg win at Alcoyano on Wed...
True blood is a repeat now what do I do with my Sunday night!
In his first AB since 4/14 David Wright sent a pitch into the 2nd row of the 2nd deck in left. Would love him if he wasn't a Met.
I can't do this 3rd day of Eid and I'm back to work
Remember when cooper kylah and I did the talent show together in like 4th grade to Katy Perry
TV Ratings: CBS and FOX split a low-rated Wednesday: On a night impacted by both Halloween and the after-effects...
"#KatyPerry #Fashion One of the Boys by Katy Perry (Memory Card, Nov-2008, Aaom) #Bestseller #Buy"
"Dear friend, throw the wine. I'm in love with a friend of mine. Really truly, young and newly wed. (Paul McCartney ""Dear Friend"")"
I was certainly not expecting @user to bring @user and Jay-Z to the Ville.  I may have dropped a tear or two.  Greatest show ever!
@user I just bought the 5th season &amp; I stay on Netflix lol!
I used to bump Nicki aalllll the time in middle school. Pink Friday was my fav
White feminism will be all over the newspapers tomorrow saying how Nicki attacked Miley. That's you call someone out!!!!
I'm excited about @user Gala tomorrow night in LA. Please financially support @user -they actually go &amp; rescue children. #teamOUR
@user c u may want to know but by showing it agn &amp; agn we r hurting the family of Yakub ok
When Sarah Palin was tabbed as John McCain's running mate in 2008, the folks at "Saturday Night Live" decided ...
"August 28th, the day we finally get to hear what Ice Cube has got to say"
Best part about Thursday is that Vampire Diaries play.
Again, awful from Barca. Not the best result, they should get 3 goals or more. Calderon on the 12th, serious.
"Paul McCartney's daughter, Stella, and Ringo Starr's son, Zak, share the same birthday: September 13th."
@user at work humming yer only job..Lucky your coming back in November with RNDM . Yay for Montreal
Tomorrow for Splash Dance we have Digitalism @user going to be Wet &amp; Wild...
@user may consider watching it tomorow then. Daniel radcliffe good in it like?
Jennifer Aniston\u002c Justin Theroux high end shopping; time to decorate the crib: Tuesday\u002c E! Online shared the vid...
I thought it was Saturday and I didn't know Big Brother was on tonight how awk
This is awful. First the Charlie Hebdo shootings back in January now all of this that's happening tonight.
@user Coming November, 2016-The President: Donald Trump" the ultimate scary movie if you ask me.
Watched The Vow for the 5th time and I\u2019m still tearing. What\u2019s wrong with this movie. It\u2019s tooo... omg i can\u2019t even.
@user @user @user @user @user ok, anyone believe Joe Biden may make a run at it?
Floyd Mayweather has got to be the most disrespectful athlete. Ali is 5th on your list? Your pathetic. #disrespect #aliisthegoat
One more movie coming your way this afternoon (it's a biggie!) -- and a couple notes on Sunday's The Walking Dead.... stay tuned.
The Uncut Ultimate Music Guide dedicated to Fleetwood Mac (on sale in the UK on Thursday Sept 10  Read more at...
@user getting there slowly mate! Have you seen there are riots in London tonight? I only just noticed myself and i am not even drunk
F-Train was messed up again today between York and Carroll St....what's going on MTA???? GET IT TOGETHER!!!
day off yesterday wheww may time din at napanood ang Unofficially Yours at segunda mano.
"Playing All Apologies by Nirvana from the album ""In Utero (20th Anniversary) [Remastered]"" - iTunes:
School tomorrow just killed the awesome vibe I was just in
what did you want from these much Muslims while you can kill yourself oh enemy of Muslims! May Allah destroy you oh Yazidis Christians Jews!
Out of all of the Nintendo franchises, I wish I could be excited for Pikman 4. C'mon, can't I just have Star Tropics 3?
Good Morning Edmonton! It's Friday!! We hope you have an amazing day. This is what you have to look forward too #yeg
Thursday night at Spices Negril it's Football Thursday.  Food and Drink Specials all night.    Tom Brady is Back vs Ben Rothlesburger in...
Camera closes in on Murray in his chair after losing 2nd set and he's dropping F bombs like they're going out of fashion. Brilliant. #USOpen
May the Force (touch) be with you, Apple. Unleash that monster iPad. Come on! #AppleEvent
@user I never said it is. But the SCOTUS ruled that the 14th Amendment requires a state to license a marriage of same sex couples
Jays' Price is money against the Orioles: Griffin: Lefty David Price had an opportunity Saturday against the O...
I hope the Steelers CRUSH Tom Brady on Thursday. Damn cheater.
been asking for Justin Bieber to be under my tree since the 6th grade.... still waiting
@user Brock lesnar live from madison square garden sounds like it could just be a live feed of him sat on a chair for 3 hours
I am in line to meet E L James! Guess I should start on #fiftyshades for the 4th time! @user #FiftyShadesOfGrey
In all seriousness I think we all stated how we felt about the baby and Briana way back in August there's no need
"This pic worry all ""Seculars"" too.... the way they created sympathy for Yakub, may create many more such with that..
I hear that Caitlyn Jenner may have to go to jail.  I guess she committed MANslaughter!  @user @user
"Eid was on Sat.&amp; #BajrangiBhaijaan is Salman Khan's Film with No-Action,Good WOM. Only Monday(if not low)&amp; Tuesday BOC can make things clear"
I hope Nicki attends the Givenchy show Friday.
The Facebook IPO Players Club: Reid Hoffman: ... today Who he is: Reid Hoffman is probably best known to you an ...
If you are still mourning the cancellation of the Great Yorkshire Show why not head to @user at Boroughbridge on 2 Sep!
So this means: Moroka Swallows vs SuperSport United. See you at Orlando Stadium on September 22.
Rewind Wednesday - Did you know that there were Nintendo and Super Nintendo games in Seinfeld's apartment?
Let me blow your mind. The original writer of Friday Night Lights is the same author who wrote the Caitlyn Jenner cover story for VanityFair
3rd day of Eid... A day spend well Old Friends reunion after a long time. First badge of read Foundation reunion...
Our lives as Christians may be the only Bible some people read. So it's important that as Christians we live it to the very best. Goodnight!
Great day in Minsk yesterday with time in a nearby suburb-village. Today we connected with some friends in Grodna. Heading to Kyiv tomorrow.
@user I hear that SANZAR have confirmed that it is most wins 1st\u002c the same as Super Rugby. I find the mistake ridiculous.
@user the games over so flip it over to Sunday Night RAW to see the Undertaker take on JOHN CENA
"Sunday Candy is a better song than U2 or Temper Trap have ever written. And it's a rapper and his live band, so,"
[OSHODI] Oliseh to pick five more home based players - Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh has announced he will sele...
"1st good step against #Evil  ""Saudi Arabia announced the formation of a 34-state Islamic military coalition""
"I hope Paul Dunne doesn't collapse tomorrow, so many contenders for the jug going into final round! #TheOpen"
ed Sheeran is gonna be here on the 12th why am I poor
Prince George and Princess Charlotte's cousin Mia may be the coolest royal tot of all
A new bundle for potential PS4 owners. Contains the first three Uncharted games remastered
"Real Madrid were offered Alberto Moreno on Spanish transfer deadline day (31 August), but Benitez ruled out his arrival. ( AS )"
Fabio Capello (Russia\u2019s head-coach) wishes Cristiano\u2019s injury was more serious. (Russia will play against Portugal tomorrow in the WCQ)
"you should really think about your future *imagines playing holographic guitar for David Bowie's 5th tour of Venus"""
im really happy tht Shawn won at the TCA on the 16th of August  im proud of him.
@user @user With Nintendo's policy on their flagship exclusives? There are better odds of the sun going supernova in 10 secs.
Love is like Michael Jackson\u2019s 8th nose .. you\u2019ll never understand it
So the Penguin/Random House merger is to go ahead? Better than it falling into Murdoch\u2019s clutches. (A mistake for TUC to sell Sun 41 yr ago)
I dreamt I was sitting on a couch with louis watching this show and then Briana came in and sat down and I JUST RAN AWAY SO FAST
"The raw beauty of Ghosts of the Great Highway and April is so much better than ""Milk, a dozen eggs, cat food/ I saw Nirvana on TV in 1992"""
Who\u2019s getting a picture with Chris Jericho on Friday?
My thoughts and prayers are with my @user comrade Frank Gifford and his family.  May our #NFL great rest in paradise.
Brian Cushing out for Thursday.  Mike Mohamed and Justin Tuggle on Dwayne Allen and Coby Fleener is going to be a problem. #Texans
Can not wait for Jason Aldean tomorrow night with my wonderful girlfriend!!! Even better she's wearing the outfit I picked out for her!!!
Never knew Ice Cube wrote Friday. Always thought he just acted in it.
Elimination Chamber is going to be in St. Louis May 19th.. I have to go.
@user being physical is Mourinho's 1st asset he values,before skill. Did u hear Chelsea tried to sign martial?Buying players so othe
George Osborne has decided to spoof to the left in an attempt to broaden support for decimating #welfare. The tit.
@user I saw Tenth Avenue North Saturday night and he sang part of Bad Blood (talking about unforgiveness) and Shut-up and Dance.
That unforgettable moment when Milan was crowned king of Europe for the 6th time.  Sheva vs Buffon.
Work till friday..then new york for the weekend...then pauls wit @user nd @user then Clemson
...move the remaining teams to the D leagues\u002c champion\u002c moves up to the 16 team league & the 16th place team is bumped down to the D league
Tomorrow's national hot dog day apparently. I'm excited.
GeniusFootball: Carlo Ancelotti's 5 January targets to make his side even more stronger/Unstoppable! See: ...
This is my lazy Saturday morning laying in bed on my iPod listening to @user EDC it's one of his best sets
@user always wanted to finish with the sun on my back as a couple of my sporting Herod did @user Gazza & C.Waddle"
The String Quartet Tribute To Nirvana -  Smells Like Teen Spirit | I'll play this all day on the 31st...just because
If Draxler news is true, Juventus has been humiliated this transfer window. May be leaving without the trequartista they need and 0-2.
@user If the IRA came active again tomorrow, just as big (if not bigger) threat to UK than muslim extremists.  @user
Heading to Crows Nest on Sunday to cover Ray White\u2019s celebrations for 110 years in the business of real estate.
1st @user @user @user don't tell me Hulk Hogan never liked  lil black kids he showed me pure love b4 camera phones
You know Gaga was cackling as she made her 6th sacrificial offering of the day while Nicki called out Miley last night
I have to admit John Kasich may be the most competent person on the stage...
Britain is increasingly like the 19th with 'Strictly' and PS4. Caesar had his Bread and Circuses...
@user Lil sis is going to bed late as she has an inset day tomorrow and wants to watch Styled To Rock, not got the same ring to it x"
SNEAK PEEK: Check out the 12 Freebies you can get at CVS on Black Friday!  Link in the first comment:
when Gucci 1st got out of jail after the poolstick incident I said lets do a tape. he declined due to the album he was working on.
"https://t.co/SIrcg4CEGk  Heathrow 3rd runway life &amp; death to residents, to George Osborne, just a big fat joke. @user
besides the Game 1 2nd Quarter Knicks vs Heat game... this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro. smh
I wionder if HISD has school tomorrow.. I want to visit my elementary school :3
@user For me?and a Nissan Titan?its got to be loaded. And I got to have a sun roof. And I want a black or white one.
46 years ago today New Orleans was awarded the NFL's 16th franchise and the New Orleans Saints were born!
Any1 interested in @user tickets 4 the NIA on the 8th of nov? BLOCK B ROW 13 face value. Inbox me
@user You\u2019ll find out Sunday! He\u2019s in a match! Then an Elimination Chamber match for the IC title the week after!
Ok so I am super excited about my Naruto cards coming tomorrow!
Tryna get the Gucci Foamposites tomorrow!
"If you call tomorrow ""Thursday,"" you're wrong. If you call tomorrow anything but ""Star Wars Day,"" you're wrong. #kindaexcited"
Roma stun Juve as Chievo crush Lazio: Milan (AFP) - Juventus's early season woes continued on Sunday with a 2-...
i am so excited to watch sharknado after work tomorrow no one even gets it
"Milton on Bolton Wanderers 2 v 2 Leeds United, sat nav free night.: How Milton manages to write so much about su...
I start school tomorrow and I'm only going because I don't want Nicki to be mad at me
I may or may not have purchased the Kim Kardashian emojis.... #idid
DEADline Aug 5 Fight the DARK Act and Monsanto
@user she\u2019s drivin through from Banff with her dad goin to sort stuff in her flat! Roll on Sunday though :)
adhitia sofyan on Java Jazz\u002c March 3rd\u002c can\u2019t wait! Give me a day off\u002c please...
@user reading Fourth and Long and it is so spot on, great look forward on the state of CFB. Mega Millions is Friday #anynumbersulike?"
"#MLBFantasy Carlos Rodon limited the Indians to one run over seven innings Tuesday, and the White Sox held on to beat the Indians 7-4."
Kris Bryant with a bottom of the 9th two out walk-off home run for a Cubs win!
The view of the clubhouse from the 1st tee at Lough Erne yesterday! Best parkland golf course in Ireland.
@user I'm so excited because you are coming to Mexico City in October! I love you Follow me please #NSN
@user Hey Catelynn, this is my 1st Tweet ever &amp; i just wanted 2 say i think u &amp; Tyler r awesome. U guys would love my boys.. :)"
"Sunday's National Ice Cream Day, but celebrate any day with our housemade sorbets! What do you want to try next?
Real Madrid defender Alvaro Arbeloa is considering a January move due to a lack of playing time at the Santiago Bernabeu.
Last weekend for Star Wars Weekends. Haven't been back since the first night. Need to go tomorrow to experience more than Hoopla/Carbonite.
"#HowToPissAGirlOff stick a dead goat through her letter box on february 14th with a note written in blood saying \""""happy valentine\u2019s day\"""""
@user I\u2019m going to be at your Santos Party House this Saturday for the \""""Weird by Weird Standards\"""" party. Stop by and we\u2019ll rage!!"
At the Vitali Klitschko party UDAR meeting in Odessa\u002c near Potemkin Stairs. 27 Sep 2012
What a amazing Monday Night Raw!! Epic ending so excited to see @user challenge Seth Rollins for the WWE Championship #RAW #WWE #Sting
Is it true? Is it true? Apple Watch's here? (Para namang may balak ako bumili hahahaha)
1st. Starve her of food for at least 5 hours minimum. Then let her take a shower while you watch an episode of The Big Bang Theory.
"If ESPN has a Hank Williams \""""Are You Ready For Some Football?\"""" song for tonight, I might pass out with happiness."
"Last monday on raw, Brock Lesnar was beaten up by the undertaker."
Did you know that 'Chris Brown' was Trending Topic on Tuesday 8 for 2 hours in New Orleans? #trndnl
It's Wedding Wednesday! Today on the blog we are sharing a gorgeous Gladstone Hotel wedding.
Night for the last time in Mississippi for now.... #lovethisplace #backwoodslivin ......back to Bama in the am #B-ham
Back to our normal schedule tomorrow! Get the kids to school and get yourself to YOGA!!!   9:15 -   Vinyasa...
sorry professors, can't go to class tomorrow morning bc Justin is on the today show. #BieberTODAY
@user trying to get a meet &amp; greet for my niece at the Ole Miss game Saturday, is that possible??"
Without Carl Nicks\u002c Bucs to shuffle O-line: Some major news out of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers on Tuesday afternoon...
@user Krystal you better heal up in time for National Margarita Day on Feb 22!
@user c'mon bruh, you watch Chelsea every week you aren't actually gonna tell me that Oscar works harder due to tackles are you?
@user #xAdHitYourMark No worries Chris, glad you loved the lime. Don't forget the Apple Watch winners are announced on Monday!
Happy Halloween!! Starting this wicked Wednesday off listening to Pink Floyd and Leonard Cohen. Get to take my boys out tonight! Yay!!
kurt cobain has been dead for 21 years &amp; he's dropping a solo album in november &amp; im still waiting for frank ocean's new album
Today is Friday which means that I'm 8 hours away from spending the next two days watching Netflix in my PJs.
@user jeez...she offends me cuz she's a hypocrite and gives real Christians a bad name...and the 1st amendment is 1st for a reason!
Many feared dead as a bomb blast rocks the crowded Sunday market in Damaturu. Boko Haram shall be defeated
Undertaker Officially won but we know Brock Lesnar should be the Winner watch #Raw tomorrow night ! #SumerSlam #WWE
"Waiting for the 2nd post credit stinger for Ant-Man, alone in the cinema, is probably the nerdiest thing I've ever done."
Tony Blair: The Iraq war may have played a part in the creation of ISIS What will the war in Syria create?
@user Hey the best was when you said Obama put out his smoke on Bidens forehead on Ash Wed
Dinner in Athens with my friend\u002c @user Preparing for our game on @user this Saturday. #OleMiss #Georgia
Check for all the reaction to Saturday's 2-1 win over Bolton Wanderers #Millwall
i've got a feeling that when i go into school tomorrow more people are gonna know about shawn and most likely will act like his
@user The first and the Last crap on this planet right is you Seth Rollins and on Sunday WWE Universe will get rid of this ""CRAP""."
Justin Bieber tells fans to buy NHS Choir song and make it Christmas No 1
@user like your pose and the background 1st runner up Jessica Sanchez! I am your # 1 fan from the Philippines..
Prior to last night the greatest thing Austin Rivers did in my book was make Lorenzo Brown fall at the NC Pro-Am
@user doesn't think Vice President Joe Biden will run, Biden recognizes that he won't win - retiring as a sitting VP may be a better idea
@user   Republicans had their way,  stock market crashed they did not want to pay taxes they lost billions of dollars today!"
iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch, Mac with Safari, PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 #AppleEvent
Please pull down Tom Brady's pants and undress the cheaters on Thursday night @user
Tiffany will be one of the MCs along with CNBlue\u2019s Yonghwa and Beast\u2019s Gikwang for SBS KPOP Super Concert on November 10.
I'm listening to Maybe I'm Amazed for the 1st time in ages &amp; wondering how I ever managed to stop being fanatic about Paul McCartney???
"DTN Pakistan: Eid frenzy finally over: Islamabad Though the official Eid holidays were over on last Wednesday,...
@user just hmu when you get to raleigh tomorrow
"Deir Ezzor :: Colonel Mohammed Al-Abdullah, from the 4th Division, and the Lt. Recruit Feras Mohammed Al-Abdullah have defected #Syria Ne..."
2nd Place again.  How could it happen?  #MTVSTARS Lady Gaga
@user 5th Ace? Sure, Why Not? BALDER is the brother of Thor in Norse Mythology. Seems a reasonable moniker for a red hot baller."
"Tmr is Swift Day, and tomorrow's tomorrow is the x factor UK omg and after that we get to listen to State Of Grace omg"
"Watching ""Trainwreck"" for the 2nd time with my girls. Hilarious!!! Love Amy Schumer! #Trainwreck #JohnCena #AmySchumer"
Quiet Saturday night\u002c watched Taken and Journey to Mysterious Island. Pert near time to go to bed\u002c got church in the morning.
@user ima just go with Danee tomorrow, thanks tho"
With all of the Hulk Hogan controversy I hope Monday Night Raw is redeeming tonight!
hel o kids on Thursday please be ready to hear the John cena theme every time I enter a room
Prince George celebrates with cake! How did your little one celebrate their 2nd birthday? #HappyBirthdayPrinceGeorge
A reminder from April as to why the majority of illegal migrants are followers of the barbaric cult of Islam....
"the 2nd part of U by Kendrick Lamar is so emotional tbh like his voice, he sounds so hurt"
@user WOO!! dude I thought it was tomorrow and I was like trippin but we Gucci .. It was nice
@user Red Sox may move up to 4th place after tonight. #GoldBottles
"Okay, I'm going to bed. Rt for a solo DM with Shawn!! Mbf! I'll be giving them out tomorrow :)) goodnight"
"I enjoy Kendrick for rhymes and performance. That 2nd part makes the first hazy for many, I think."
"The best of the 90's with Flashback Tuesday at Deezer tonight! Enjoy the best 90's hits with Biggie, 2Pac & more!
A very happy birthday to Prince George! The cutest prince in the whole darn land.
@user Nintendo is not going to change like every other system they promise 3rd party support and never deliver on it.
FUCK I HAVE AN EXAM TOMORROW BUT BROCK LESNAR IS ON RAW TONIGHT  uhhhh  i pick the beast
"I don't care what you say but no Tuesday can start without a blast of Jon Bon Jovi's """"Blaze of Glory"""""
The only reason I'm going to school tomorrow is BC I can't fail nicki
Brock Lesnar wins on Sunday with a low blow into an F5...right?
@user I have to go Romo, all  have is Peyton who I got in the #10th Round.  I think I was drafting against elementary children."
Rangers: OF Josh Hamilton back in lineup Friday vs. Rays after missing 2 games with sore left knee (ESPN)
@user thats good to know P! im picking up a PS4 on monday along with Metal Gear!
tbh I may be even more excited about the Pope's joint session with The U.S. Congress than his public appearance/ Mass in philly
One of the 1st Bono references by Ohio Gov. John Kasich of the 2016 campaign...and now Tim Tebow too via @user
I just watched Sharknado and it wasn't the worst thing I've seen (by a lot). I think I may have to reevaluate my life choices.
Being a Texas fan may be even more frustrating than being a Red Sox fan. And that says ALOT about Texas
"DTN USA: Charlie Sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: He may have looked like he was \""winning,\"" but actor C...
The day Jay-z comes to S.A I'll be the 1st person to cue  at the computicket  I love that man
"Tomorrow\u002c the Jimmy Donn \""""Eastbound & Down\"""" pre-order begins. Only 100 Pre-Orders will be available. And it\u2019s a pretty sick combo pack!"
today my friend's birthday Nabeel afpendi he is my friend dunia akhirat. may god bless him very well. Iloveyou nabeel.
"My chum has 2 etickets for Foo Fighters at MK Bowl for this Sunday, but illness is stopping them going. Up for face value #foofighters"
@user ha no problem was going to mention Edgar Davids but I won\u2019t now. Where are you sat at the game?
"If I can snap on them two summaries tomorrow like I just did this one..I'll be ""Gucci"""
I think it's weird when fans find celebrities' families on social media. You have no reason to like Niall's nephew's 1st day of school pic.
Have an extra ticket to see RNDM on Saturday in D.C. Anyone want in?
@user @user I mean 6th to 2nd of course ... 2nd to Maillot Jaune tonight !!! Go Cadel !!!
@user jan can you confirm for me that Real Madrid have made contact previously with reus and were told no sale
"Just got the wax flushed from my ears for Janet Jackson tomorrow night, my body is literally ready"
Ed Sheeran is gonna be here tomorrow and I'm not going and that makes me really sad.
Can\u2019t wait to see the people of Shotton proudly waving their red & white flags and wearing their national team shirts. Poland play tomorrow!
The Amanda Knox appeal case resumes September 23rd. Do you think Knox and Sollecito will walk free? -
@user beautiful Saturday morning listening to #Hot45sxm while getting ready for Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney tonight
#MichaelJackson died in the care of Conrad Murray a whole #83Minutes before Murray called 911.The TRUTH coming Thurs
@user just back from doing a car boot . Bring the sun back with some Bob Marley.
"Bagel day at work tomorrow, means I don't have to spend my own money at Dunkin"
"You will know when get to school on Monday because I will scream, ""Hey Guys it's JOHN CENA"" and play the song when I enter. Thank you."
@user @user agree. Big L might have been the best to ever freestyle. Its a race for 2nd.
01 Oct 2014 Rock on Dandiya Nite at Sangam University Bhilwara Just Beat it - Video1
Diversity is a beautiful thing. Watch for the #burnabyschools float in Sunday's PRIDE Parade.
@user I understand, you enjoy Ant-Man and assure you it will start on time when you return tomorrow"
Im just so happy that Zayn is fully living his thotty dteams on this Tuesday morning. Also my hamgover is mild. #Blessed
"The Undertaker defeated Brock Lesnar via submission at Sunday night's WWE SummerSlam event;   however, the...
When Jay-Z said, "Thirty-eight revolve like the sun round the Earth"
#HeadiesAll of you famzing live at the #Headies and dnt knw where Eko Hotel n suite dey..May ur twitter connection be bad.#GodPunishU
Bobby Jindal Makes Bold Move Against Planned Parenthood - Bobby Jindal may have done something to get the media aw...
I want to see U2 in November but I don't want to have to listen to their shit new songs.
the Packers game will be broadcast for the 5th time in our market and that makes me happy just so i can hear Ha Ha Clinton-Dix more
@user I wouldnt care if you sat on Prince George's head infront of Kate &amp; Wills, you'd still be one of the fittest UK celebs around"
Ryan Braun is batting .284 with 25 home runs and 81 rbis.  But his team is in 4th. He will never be better than Curtis Granderson.
"Only PTI has vision/foresight for climate related projects, but corrupt media rather talk about IK's Eid with wife.
@user just got Twitter, here's me and Digi mon
Everyone on insta: I'm going to miss hanging w/ friends &amp; sun Me: im going to miss watching Netflix all day
"Day #12 - Monday, 11/12 - Thank a Veteran Day. Brave men and women who have served their country with honor surround us. Find a veteran t..."
RIP Jesus Christ Musica Da Madrugada Waw.. is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it Happy Good Friday
Anderson now has the confidence to take rips at the Murray 2nd serve. Time to take off a few mph and up the first serve percentage Andrew
Nicki's butt is just too big like c'mon that's not even fun anymore like
Amazon Prime Day sales up 18 per cent on Black Friday: Amazon has detailed its plans to make Prime Day an annu...
@user I just hope the You Only Pope Once pale ale doesn't go quite as fast in Cape May that weekend
Carly Fiorina may find center stage uncomfortable - Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina pauses as she ...
Speaking of, they're showing Jurassic Park there Saturday and what better way to end my last day in Chattanooga honestly
so happy tomorrow is Star Wars day!!
@user haha , course not ! and im coming to pick you .. milan & taylor up from school one friday . so be prepared (:"
Vikings make sure you wear red tomorrow to show your Viking pride also at the game as well
Juventus and Schalke might reach an agreement soon, but it will most likely not be before tomorrow. Intermediaries are still negotiating.
"Bought le boyfriends 4th anniversary present, I'm now going to make hot chocolate then snuggle up with Charles Darwin. Delightful."
"You should finish with a freestyle cover of Bad Blood, or When Doves Cry.
@user let's not toss the term around. IS, IRA, organised bastards with an ongoing agenda. Which may be the case here but we don't know"
I have to pay attention what to ask the Universe: Tomorrow starting a course on Astrology and its Antroposophical interpretations. :-o
"Straight outta Compton was class, been cruising about like Ice Cube since Sunday."
@user Happy B'day in Italy :-) I know it's tomorrow but party is today! enjoy your time a mom&davide my disabled boy: we love U2
At the risk of sounding redundant: Comedy! Poetry! Thunderbolt! Wednesday 26th! Free! #bristol #comedy #poetry #hashtag
Kenya Powerites\u002c may all thy respective spouses cheat on thee for denying me a rerun of the El Classico.
"No. 14 UCLA defeats No. 1 Washington, 2-1. Syracuse now controls its own destiny to be No. 1 in the nation, playing at Louisville tomorrow."
i hear march madness &amp; think about that flip chris brown did dancing to this song smh dope af
@user I don't want war. I'm ready to sign a peace agreement tomorrow between Lebanon and Israel. BUT If Lebanon will open a war &gt;&gt;
@user I'm hearing Real Madrid may have the option to block it
@user Chelsea and Liverpool lost now I hope Milan wins and Juventus lose tomorrow and it will be the perfect weekend
Last day of being 30 today. Although some Arsenal fans would have had me at 31 the day after my 30th birthday...
@user #DogLover Friday. My g'daughters, Jessica and Katie, with Denzel and Daisy. Love them to bits X
Wrapping up a 14 hour day in Huntsville. LOVE watching the Labs AND my students work. Can\u2019t wait for more tomorrow.  WooHoo!  #thealienlife
RT: @user all fans of Toni Gonzaga she there @ landaco plaza albay legazpi october 30 tonight 8pm @user @user
My first semester as a college student is about to end and all my savings will disappear tomorrow all because of The Vamps nice
Rocking out to Good Girl by @user at the gym. How exactly does one rock out while on a treadmill\u002c you may ask? Well\u002c it involves
George Osborne recently parked his tanks on Labour's lawn. Now he's turned off the engines:
This just in, new car show on Amazon Prime to be called "2nd Gear"! Cheers to @user and company!
Thursday I'm gonna upload footage from MetLife here it would be cool if you subscribed too okay that is all
"In Thursday's GOP presidential debate, John Kasich and Donald Trump will have the least scripted responses."
@user @user I hear you, if I understand correctly, you're saying Israel may have to totally close its border to stop the attacks?"
Super Saturday for a Super Walk!  Thank you everyone!
The Professional Development Series is off this week for Labor Day.  We will return next Tuesday with another #webinar.
"Listening to Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday and hearing a reference about 10,000 hours! @user
Hillary is the Washington establishment, say whatever it takes to get elected. We need a change up... It may not be me but elect someone
@user  After the 2nd round, you did your usual melodramatic spew that Dustin Johnson was in a class of his own. Same old garbage."
"If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it, even if I may not have it at the beginning - GANDHI"
Here\u2019s video of the unimaginable goalline fumble that may have cost Florida a shot at the National Championship:
@user You should think about Islam , you may love it"
"Hi y'all I'm selling three tickets at face value ($80) for Amy Schumer on Friday in MKE, let me know if you want them!"
"May the food be with you on this Star Wars Day #StarWarsTheForceAwakens, via @user
&lt;Curtis&gt; As you may have seen in previous posts Jen has done an amazing job on the chalkboard. That being said...
@user Happy Birthday Prince George on your 2nd Birthday,           Have a lovely day &amp; enjoy your special day. xx"
@user hi! Yeah me too ;D And yes\u002c I\u2019m from Poland and I\u2019m 16. I\u2019ll see new episode in the Friday evening. Can\u2019t wait tomorrow ;3
Tonight\u002c I roast a chicken. Tomorrow\u002c I make chicken soup. Love my job but wish I could cook for social justice.
So Chris Evans seems to be the only editor of a national not in the MediaGuardian 100? That's got to sting.
Oh lordy\u002c a hilarious night of dressing up as Jackie O and Nelson. Godamn it\u002c its only Wednesday
I'd like to thank the whole of Twitter for reminding me that Paper Towns is out tomorrow -.-
Lack of LTE may cause Google Nexus 4 to flop: While Google is expecting the Nexus 4 to be a strong followup to the...
@user @user @user @user good news I bought Candy today\u002c bringing some on tues. if it lasts
@user come see us play with Heroes For Hire at The Lair on Dec 1st! So many amazing bands are playing, you can't miss it!! :)"
Got Murray at 7. Surprised but my cousin took Antonio Brown at #2. Rodgers fell to me in the 2nd. Stashed Foster away in the 7th. Love it.
1 am Wednesday night and we had to call an uber to take us to dunkin doughnuts bc too throwed it's time to take a different path in my life
Some key changes between the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and the Galaxy Note 4 may be welcomed by some and shunned by...
@user Hey! Are you really going to see WWAT film tomorrow again? :)
Australian Directioners! iGo One Direction (iCarly) is premiering on Nickelodeon the 24th of July at 4:30pm. (: how exciting! x
"RT @user With the start of NFL Preseason upon us.. Tonight marks the beginning of the Raiders season, and the end of the Raid ..."
Arsenal's season is a mess. They're losing the battle for their favourite 4th place position
And the new Tomb Raider has been given a release date\u002c roll on March 5th.
Just left the fair! It was getting way too packed! #SanDiegoCountyFair #DelMar #4th @ San Diego County Fair
this Kurt Cobain documentary broke my heart. May he rest in peace and i hope Justice honors his death. #KurtCobain #Justice #Nirvana
@user @user @user   Randy Orton and Cesaro are the best. They are great super star of wwe. I hope you  win match  sun.
@user Trick or Treat: Wants Georgia voters to forget she's a Democrat and Sam Nunn's daughter until after Halloween, oops Nov 4"
As you may have guessed, I still can't get over Fairhead being head of BBC.   Shows utter contempt for law &amp; British people. #hsbcfraud
Going to see Jurassic World late tomorrow night! It will be worth it!!
Happy 2nd birthday Prince George @user We don't know if he's tried Hopster yet - but he can try it for free with promo G3ORG3!
@user you guys were amazing in Belfast on Monday night! My pup Thor loves your music!!!
Sad I didn't see @user today. Do work in Nebraska man I'll see you when you get back!
Adam LaRoche was a late scratch from the White Sox lineup on Monday due to right patella tendinitis.
I forgot Salt N Peppa and Snoop Dogg coming to the fair on the 2nd..
N.W.A: Inside the Original Gangstas' Rolling Stone Cover Story @user  comments may be better than the article
I gonna Jiujitsu training tomorrow wanna fight with strong guys hihi
The Sun, for people lacking brain cells and David Cameron.   Pull the trigger
"If my cats were in Philly, I would not be going home tomorrow. They're the only reasons I'm going back to Florida."
november 13th is gonna be a great day bc we're finally gonna hear the masterpiece that justin created
Germany Can Lead the Immigration Debate - Chancellor Angela Merkel said Tuesday that the migration crisis...
@user Hi Tancredi\u002c today spurs are again being linked with Roma\u2019s Pjanic. Any truth in the rumours of a january move? #thfc
Stevie Tv is the best!
Finally got the tickets for #BajrangiBhaijaan thanks to @user finally a high note to put an end to Eid holidays. Work from tomorrow!
Trip to Fredonia in the works for this Friday. Looking to play on Valentine\u2019s new table. Msg me for more details.
A university uniform in appreciating military veterans: He reunited after the game Saturday with Capt. Michael P...
Jon Huntsman\u002c Jr. is speaking tomorrow at the University of Akron.   Will be there!!!
#Ramadan #mubarak to all #Muslims who have began early. May Allah bless our souls now and forever with Good Deeds.
@user no but about to go to bed bc I may get called for 1st...lol. It's a lot to explain...by Ella James. Pull it up on Amazon.
The husband of one of our Associate Producers just made Rolling Stone's list of Top Ten Bands to Watch! #music #film
Not surprised David Beckham is 2nd highest earning former athlete, every country in the world I go to his fucking balls are in my face
H&M\u2019s fashion against AIDS collection is available on April 26th. 25% of the sale price goes to AIDS prevention.
"Holm only stunned Ronda Rousey, Joe ""Dumbfuck"" Rogan who all actually believed the hype train Dana White created
Be sure to tune in Thursday's 2-4 pm for a brand new show with @user @user and yes I'm bringing David Bowie checkpoint with me
Anyone else just realize it's National Ice Cream Day and wanna join me in starting our diets tomorrow?
In Context: What Scott Walker said about a Canada wall
@user morning gorgeous u were rite i thought it was b/slisten to this nicki minaj did hhave domestics
Question!!!!!! Somebody settle this for me.....  when the pope comes in town the weekend of the 25th of...
"So George Osborne is to visit Faslane/Trident tomorrow, I hope many of you turn out to give him a warm welcome!"
Zayn's smile is brighter than the shinning sun His eyes are brighter than the shinning stars And his personality as calm as the moonlight
"Paul Dunne cards final round 78 to go from leading #TheOpen to finishing as 4th best amateur. Still, at least it didn't cost him anything."
Lance just left\u002c dinner with the fam was great. Managed to watch Napoleon Dynamite and The Devil Inside. Long story short: wonderful sunday.
Busy day with dog walks tomorrow. I love all my little odd jobs. Happy it\u2019s finally cooled off in Los Angeles.
Briana is acting like us not wearing uniforms to school tomorrow is the next world war 2
Will not be going to hari terbuka next friday\u002c have to go to putrajaya
The new Super Eagles goalkeeper is the reason i'm watching this game.  He is so super cute. Tanzania'a sun is too hot for him abeg.
The Super Eagles may not be playing the tiki taka football we expected but atleast our coach is as fit &amp; athletic as Luis Enrique.
Every Thursday I go to Jesse Black in Casselberry\u002c FL just for these girls
"Jessica updates fans saying she will be back soon on Weibo.She posted on October 17th,""""I was so amazed by all ...
So excited about the opportunity to go listen to @user speak in Knoxville\u002c TN tomorrow night!! Looking forward to learning! :)
Are you losing organic Google traffic from April 21st?
Writing's on the Wall by Sam smith will be the Spectre James bond theme coming out September 25th.
TL;DR: I'm literally the 2nd biggest piece of shit in Africa right now next to Boko Haram.
@user make  David beckham tomorrow
May our old mini van and Lexus rest in peace. And hello brand new cars :D still miss the Lexus a lot though :'(
Add to the results, Federer over Djokovic  and Lewis Hamilton, and it's not a bad Sunday at all!
They have google+ why would they want this shit show.
@user Vs @user at Tuesday Night Main Event. tell Triple H u want a match against Brock Lesnar tonight
"Still tied up at 1 in Orono between Stony Brook and Maine, more balanced play from both teams in the 2nd half, 14 min left to play. #gomaine"
@user Ev, u went from 3rd in the east to not making the playoffs, Deron will miss 2-4 days of practice lol"
":| ""@SocialRMadrid: ABC | Real Madrid will announce he signing of De Gea on January 1st. He will stay for 6 seasons and will come for free."""
Wanna go to the #Queen Extravangaza at Bell Center Jan 30th? Sing for Queen at 545pm all week to WIN tix!! #Drivetime @user
the point: i have never been happier in my life than i was on aug 5 2015 at metlife
That game saw Kenny Lofton clinch the pennant for the Giants with a single to score David Bell in the 9th.
@user I really do hope they finish the trade by Tuesday or Wednesday. Gagner is a real solid player and could help the sabres
Thank you St David for $7 parking on a home game Saturday. #aff2012
@user I enjoyed it a lot more than Naruto as well. Thought it was brilliant. Well I'm gna start Fate Zero tomorrow.
"The Giants and Red Sox may have 3 recent world series championships, but they haven't been consistently good like the Cardinals."
The continued attacks on the 2nd Amendment will continue if America is foolish enough to ever elect Joe Biden for POTUS (Obama's 3rd term).
Start Monday morning with a NEW song from Eric Church!
"Michael Jordan finished 6-0 in the NBA Finals. Floyd Mayweather looks to hit 49-0 Saturday, will history be...
Walking through Chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely. Love London at night :D
Me and @user have gone into the restaurant business&amp;will be opening an IHOP tomorrow, doors open at 7:00 D-ends eat free all night
Finished signing up for the SAT and ACT
I look forward to Sunday's Big Brother so we can find out exactly what the actual fuck just happened in that double eviction episode. #BB17
Click this link and retweet that tweet if you want a chance to get gifted Calibraska!
"#OTD in 1957 The Quarrymen played the Cavern Club #Liverpool for 1st time, although Paul McCartney was away at scout camp. @user
#ClearTheShelters this Saturday August 15th at Prince George's County Animal Shelter! Hope to see you there!!
"Obama: ""Get off your high horse Christians"" C'mon Mr. President, tell us how you really feel
my hw is due tomorrow. so here's some of the harry potter theme song
@user Hey, just to let you know, we have tickets for Florence &amp; Kendrick with no booking fees:
It's Friday night, at home sipping on some Crown Royal Whisky, listening to AC/DC, talking and tweeting with friends.   Life is good!
Good to see Danny Care starting the 3rd test against the Boks. Great player who\u2019s very quick at the base of the rucks #rugby
Who remembers the song Friday by Rebecca Black
Any recommendations for a courier to take a data secure box 8kg from Haltwhistle to London. Preferably same day delivery next Mon or Tues.
I\u2019m SO excited I\u2019m gonna meet Buddy from Cake Boss at Ruth Eckerd Hall with Grammy on Jan 12. Can\u2019t wait !!!!
"Starts Friday, August 7th, MAX, PAPER TOWNS, TESTAMENT OF YOUTH. Buy reserved seats online with no service fee at...
I'm gunna look exactly like madonna tomorrow at the fashion show
"September 3rd 2015, Frank Ocean's album still hasn't dropped. Every day at 4 o'clock i check if it has come out yet."
had such an epic night. gonna pay for it tomorrow when Raw hits Newcastle.  #WWE #RAW
Catch a Jurassic double bill on Sun 30th @user with Jurassic Park and Jurassic World!
can someone going to the houston airport tomorrow get me a shawn video lmao :(((:
Michael Jackson, if he only believed his own words, he may not of transformed himself into the ghoul
Honestly I don think im gonna be able to look at ms rodgers without getting mad tomorrow...and she WILL make fun of me anf mr ehlers ughh
@user We need to terminate this horrible deal with Iran on the very 1st day in office, but JEB BUSH REFUSES! End of discussion ..
GoPo: we broke the Google. Will give you new instructions tomorrow in class
Moto G (3rd gen) appears in new images with specs alongside #tech #gadgets
Finish watching Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance.  Movie was alright.  I still prefer the 1st one better.
@user I'll just get it tomorrow after I see Ant-Man with or without Coffey.
Watching Sharknado is the only call with #Sharknado3 coming tomorrow
@user just that we need more people down for working on resolving drought and or issues in 3rd world countries and focus less on gay
Dear @user @user please release a MGS Legacy collection on PS4 &amp; X1. So that I may play all MGS games for the first time.
@user wrong. I think you\u2019re Tom\u002c I\u2019m April. Obviously. Or you\u2019re Jerry.
Beer Garden: Hop-driven ale marks Stone Brewing's 16th anniversary: Stone Brewing in San Diego just celebrated 1...
@user Have you heard this Kendrick Lamar and J.Cole Black Friday? Lol
"14-Aug  The day of independence,  The day of Sacrifices of Muslims, The Victory of Pakistan, I proud to be a...
@user LIES. Isn't there a curfew in place?A quick google search indicates that this image was from the Charlie Hebdo march.
"I wanted him on the Blackhawks so much. Instead, the blue line has no depth. Kruger is unsigned. Kane may not play..
Probably not going to be seeing much of the Semi-finals tomorrow because I\u2019m going shopping around lunchtime
Kid free dinner with @user  Paper Towns on Sat and  Harry Potter weekend on TV! What a great bday weekend! #wallofcows
@user is in town. Deutsche Bank golf tomorrow, Newport RI in the evening and Jays vs. Red Sox Monday &amp; Tuesday. Nice Labor Day weekend."
"Red-hot comedian Amy Schumer will bring her first solo arena tour to the BB&amp;T Center, #Miami on Dec 12. Do not...
Gig at GAY tomorrow with @user hopefully 'fingers crossed' x
David Wright strikes out in his 1st AB tonight for St. Lucie.
@user @user Kendrick did his beat better than he did hahaha Coles Black Friday was weak sauce
"Uefa can overall the Spanish Fa's decision to cancel De Gea's move, and he could still be a Real Madrid player tomorrow. Help me God."
How has Islam established the greatest intellectual civilization of the world throughout several centuries? #sun
@user Does Lexus truck Monday mean you got a Lexus this Monday?
I spoke too soon. Flight just cancelled. Looks like I\u2019m stranded in Calgary. I\u2019ll try again tomorrow am! Eek\u002c I hope I make it #IYCsask.
Ralph McQuarrie #top100femalelies Melo Paul Pierce Dallas put my Lamar Odom in the D League tho!http://tiny.cc/744r3
Next Friday the 9-12 year olds get to make a gnome house in Reading Club. How cool!!!
News channels should stop telecasting the Yakub's news. It may lead 2 communal disturbance. Rather they can cover Abdul Kalam's last journey
"Full time. Happy days. Apologies for the tweetathon, gotta finish tomorrow's presentation now, Derby in the morning. #pizzasweats #dominos"
"[Peter sat up and jumped out of the Toyota, meeting @user at the entrance.]"
Samajwadi Party's parliamentary board will not meet tomorrow to decide the future course of action. Next meeting no decided yet.
"#Soccer Real Madrid didn't make a patented galactico signing, but the may have nearly lost their No. 1 galacti...
Getting ready for CHA 2015 Reunion September 26 on campus in Murray. It's also Family Weekend with a football...
"Rally against the imperialism and zionism. Milan, Italy 19 September
"this is a big month for us! tomorrow we're playing in Davis at the Whole Earth Festival, then kicking off our...
This may be the fashionista in me (#ShaneIsMrX) but #ComradeOfTheDay is also bestowed upon New Day's &amp; Seth Rollins' ring gear.
Just wait till Black Friday and Christmas.. Watch for the Gucci flip flops
"Seth Rollins' statue will be one billion cubits in height, so that he may be remembered FOR ALL ETERNITY~!. #Raw @user
Some of you are more interested in Mikel Obi playing for Super Eagles than Mikel Obi himself. Dude may be more concerned about making money.
"I'm only excited for the VMAs because Zayn may go, if he doesn't I'll cry"
Beyonce and Jay-Z spent $200,000 on Blue Ivy's 1st birthday party and I just paid for a bag of fucking Monster Munch with 5p coins
"TOR beats MIN in David Price's debut. Jays move into tie for 2nd wild card with Twins, O's now .5 GB."
@user but then he'll be sat on his arse at home or else playing in conference. He's crap and thinks he's David Beckham.
@user lol maybe.  I'm actually starting new music tomorrow! Starting with the John cena theme song. Just for @user ;)
I want this. And yes, I'm playing on Amazon instead of reading for class tomorrow. Because my head is spinning.
The real reason for the BBC's regional newspaper 'reporting pool'...
Excited for Halloween tomorrow I am going to be Jake from State Farm
"Whenever I see WWF, I don't 1st think of World Wildlife Fund for Nature, I think of Hulk Hogan &amp; Andre the Giant.
Donald Trump tweets:  May I tell you that I'm having a lovely Labor Day weekend at Hugh Hefner's place? Hef is a gentleman and a friend.
"Like Hulk Hogan more now. Don't need to boycott WWE either, I already boycott BS. Shame he may be purged from prestigious fake wrestling HOF"
Okay so frank ocean is performing at fyf festival whoever goes has to record the show!! August 22nd!!!
Now let's go from Milan to Bologna - tomorrow I'm going to shop accessories (for my shop and (almost) not for myself ;))
im going to metlife tomorrow for a preseason giants game rip me
Merseyside Derby proper goal fest so far! Hope for more in the 2nd half! #SuperSunday
"All I want for Christmas is licensing please August Alsina, Future, Kendrick Lamar, Miguel, Rick Ross , Lil Wayne...
John CENA and I will be unable to attend the critique tomorrow night at the same time as the first one of our album of my life
Hey guys tomorrow is now national Ground Hog day\u002c I hope to see you all post about it!!   Hahahaha
1st down Bearcats. Thank you Louisville
MRAs must stand in the court wearing anti-male legislation flags when Rahul Gandhi enters court room on Dec 19....
Good luck to @user for his interview with Justin tomorrow! You will nail it! I'll be watching out from India x :)
"You may have the key to your girlfriend's heart, but Chuck Norris has the key to her back door."
And with the almost guaranteed draft day swap of picks\u002c the Pats will get a 4th rounder back when they inevitably move down in the draft.
Iran Says New U.S. Visa Rule May Violate Nuclear Pact - now it's starting to make sense.
@user Their faces in the 2nd one are super cute. And I love that Liam is all collared shirt and Niall busts out the shorts...
I may be going to hell in a bucket, baby, but at least I'm enjoying the ride. - Grateful Dead, Hell In A Bucket
yo if Last Friday Night by Katy Perry doesn't take you back to bomb middle school days then I feel very bad for you
Space and @user were the Place tonight. The Sun Ra Arkestra was brilliant.  @ Barbican Centre
@user Hi there. Sorry for the late revert. On the behalf of Ira. I am here to assist you. May I know y...
@user  Hey paul Can make this triple threat match Randy orton john cena brock lesner vs seth rollins tommorrow night or monday night raw
Bentley is 4 years old today. This was the 1st day I got him
If J.Cole and Kendrick Lamar don't realease something February....I'm going to be really sad.
Cold front in the Metroplex! Happy Friday! :)
"Scott Walker, who thinks ISIL compares to American labor unions, thinks he knows how to handle China. On Monday,...
Why take the elevator from the 1st floor of Pope to the 2nd? Why?
@user Is it not a shame that Super Eagles will play Niger Republic on Tuesday in a friendly match, why not BIG football countries?"
@user @user @user @user Coffee and Friday! It's a good day!
NFU unchanged for the 4th successive game tonight:  Nicklin\u002c Gardner\u002c Peat\u002c King\u002c Anderson\u002c Hunter\u002c Bolder\u002c Muldoon\u002c Bradshaw & Williams
"Mohsin Hamid\u2019s 2013 novel = \""""How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia\"""". Think they need more typefaces on the cover?
@user Hello its called dana white losing a massive amount of money because he put it all on Ronda.  People lost their shirts Sat.
@user @user We are actually playing on Saturday\u002c January 19 - the week prior to the Senior Bowl.
Sun is shining, weather is sweet, makes you wanna move your dancin feet - Bob Marley
I don't care what you think about 1st and 14th Amendment law or even gay marriage.  What did ELVIS think about it?!
Some concept art done by the late Ralph McQuarrie. May the force be with you.
"it\u2019s wednesday ! @user \""""Wookiee Photo\"""" funny ! @user - What Makes You Beautiful - One Direction cover:
good to see NFL back on the BBC, shame the highlights isn't till November thou.
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 got its last firmware update in April and it wasn't version 5.1.1. Today, nearly 5 months...
"Extra tickets to Iron Maiden baby // come with me Friday, don't forget to call her and use actual words"
If DDG is stuck here till Jan, can we offer him to Barca just to annoy Madrid even more.
get used to it / justin bieber
"Whatever thoughts and feelings Watchman is giving you, come along on July 29th to chat all things Mockingbird! It'll be a lively discussion!"
I tell you what the RKO that randy orton drops tomorrow night better be the sickest thing since wrestlemania
#Gamlingay folks - Saturday is Gamlingay Green Day! See you all there from 10am:
@user dude... You didn't know about GAY BY MAY!?
I can't wait until tomorrow for all the Memes about Kanye West running for President! #VMAs
Just 24 hours to go to Chelsea's match tomorrow. About fucking time I'd say. International football is a pain. Ban it I 'd say. KTBFFH
Kendrick Lamar's Black Friday is prolly the nicest thing he's done recently
"Nice piece about @user in tomorrow's Scotland on Sunday, pegged to his new stage production of The Ladykillers. Man gives good quotage."
"Even tho I finished the manga, anytime I watch Naruto that shit gets me emotional. I've been read/watching since 4th grade fam"
@user Sorry if you are sick of hearing this... but in January transfer window do you think Arsenal might try again for Benzema?
"White Sox vs Red Sox tomorrow, Cubs vs Reds on the 1st, n Bears vs Packers on the 13th. What a good going away present!"
My bad let me fixate Y'all may be Muslims but you're not practicing Muslims
U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday:  This is not a rebel song and it's not against on sunday...it's all about anyday.
"I'm sure I'm not the 1st to mention Frank Gifford's contribution to literature: the catalyst in Exley's ""A Fan's Notes."""
@user Merson may not want to gamble\u002c but he\u2019s playing poker. At some point you have to take calculated risks.
@user @user Yeah, It's on netflix I think now. I still like the futuristic and action concepts even today."
@user @user oh Wordd\u002c Ard well say no more\u002c me and Andy gone be back up there on the 8th of november\u002c
So happy HISD has no school tomorrow! No student teaching in the morning!!
And whaddya know?! Dustin Johnson (-8) birdies the 10th and has the outright lead at the PGA Championship.
"Its this week! Catch Kina Grannis LIVE IN MANILA on Wednesday, August 8! Have you got your tickets yet? :)
"Let's hope tomorrow is a better day for all Bahrainis, except regime loyalists. Good night Nabeel, stay strong for us. Don't leave us."
Did John Kasich stand out in GOP forum?: Kasich delivered clear performance at Monday's GOP forum. But with so...
Granted, Conor McGregor is an absolute beast. But, we are still yet to see him do it on a Wednesday night at Stoke.
Tomorrow we will be proud to play at the Remembrance Service at South Hetton church
@user Sorry Red\u002c I\u2019d normally love to but I can\u2019t.  I\u2019ll be locked in the office Saturday and Sunday except for the Pacers game.
The new Iron Maiden album is awesome.  Buy it now. Not out til Friday but heard it today and it's Maiden of old. Buy i
Hittin up brothers tomorrow night prob make me feel gucci
Friday fish fry and football with Tressa! #ffffdate
I think at this juncture I may like Queens of The Stone Age more than I like Nirvana. tending bar @user tonight if you'd like to discus
@user Kane, a dog in your care back in July, was found loose today in G-town. Can you help us locate the owner?"
8/23. when Niall and Liam came over right next to our section. and just sat there. right there.
Watching the 2nd Ghost Rider film is like watching Nicholas Cage go through a drug induced psychosis.
Gucci plenty motive force poise november look up the biform thine persona inside magnification up industrial p...
Jay-Z - Imaginary Player   Go O's 3-1 Bottom Of the 8th.
Boko Haram - the vindication of Governor Shettima via @user trust
Who\u2019s ready for the Labor Day Weekend? The Singapore Slingers tomorrow\u002c Ian Moore Saturday\u002c Del Castillo Sunday.
"Caitlyn Jenner may have become a woman later in life, but she is more woman than those who bash her on social media...."
Kris Bryant blasts a home run to deep left center! Bryant's 15th home run of the season. #Cubs #LetsGo
"5SOS is not the ""new"" MCR or the ""new"" Nirvana. They may have been inspired by said bands, but they will never be them. They are simply 5SOS"
My xbox live ends tomorrow :( MW3 and Gears3 all day! Hit me up!
every friday evening that starts with watching @user live at Rock Im Park (online stream) is a good friday evening!
Photo: Serena Williams defeats Venus Williams in the sisters' 5th meeting at the US Open; Serena heads to semifinal - @user via @user
Saudi board omfs resident eastern province for upcoming year contact Dr. Ahmed jan with suggestion regarding your scientific activities
"Sure let's blame Amber Vinson for the Ebola scare, because the 1st dr to come &amp; be treated is 2 much like right."
@user So disappointing. On a lighter note\u002c get excited for BAJ tomorrow. I\u2019m editing now and it relates to Jordan Jefferson
Speaking of Kanye\u002c he\u2019s a genius. Like he may make stupid choices sometimes\u002c but his way of thinking is amazing.
Anybody here on Natchitoches got a membership at the warehouse an free to workout tomorrow
"And, it confuses me that so many Conservative Christians wanted a Christian in the White House. Not Trump.
The best part about this story is that David Cameron justified the attack as self-defense.
Pride parade is on the 20th next month..let's hope I don't end up in the hospital again :-)
"14 July,1099 Jerusalem was conquered by the Crusaders.Tens of thousands of Muslims, Jews,&amp; Orthodox Christians were massacred ."
Right down to an uncomfortably close win over the Jets the Pats and Packers are mirror teams...both will be bounced by Championship Sunday
"Tomorrow night we will be at The Jolly Miller, Fareham and unless you want to miss out on one of Liam's famous...
When Sarah Palin and Donald Trump speak for America, I think it may be time for a new revolution.
"IATSE Picketing Of 'Fashion Star' Set To Resume Monday - Deadline: With no talks started, the union and the crew...
Shriver to Federer suggesting that he not use the SABR vs. Isner "You want to have your 3rd set of twins I'm sure."  Interview ended there.
Watching David Letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing I\u2019ve seen tonight.
@user Media did sympathize with Yakub n help in producing many young Yakubs in India. But you guys claim u r 4th pillar.bloody shame
#HappyBirthdayKendallSchmidt Hopefully tomorrow we can also get #BTRonPCAs trending! For Big Time Rush! BTR deserves it!
"Yankees fall to Red Sox, fail to gain ground on Blue Jays: The scoreboard on the Green Monster showed a rare sight Monday night: a Bl..."
Mama: Shoti, i bought 2 tickets to a movie, the title is MAGIC MIKE XXL i don't know why is that the but watch it with me tomorrow. Me:.....
Currently downloading the Saturday night fever soundtrack CAUSE THE BEE GEES ARE THE FUCKING SHIT
@user the voting closed on 20th. Lady Gaga was placed at no. 2
The fact that the Village of Kiryas Joel chose to meet on the Sunday night of Labor Day weekend to ... #deeproots
"Today in Beatles History (May 15, 1967): Paul McCartney meets Linda Eastman  for the first time at the Bag O'Nails nightclub in London."
Can't wait for tomorrow going to charleston for the weekend
"September 9th Blues on the Bridge, Binghamton NY, 12pm - 10pm. Come see us at our table and our demonstrations during the course of the day."
"RIP Giants legend, Frank Gifford. Gifford was the last of the Monday Night Football triumverate of Cosell, Gifford and Dandy Don Meredith."
@user @user Do you have a google plus account if so may i have the link to it?
Can't wait for Paper Towns and Nandos on Thursday with the lasses :) should shine some light over our results :)))
@user Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Biggie, Tyler the Creator, Dr Dre. If I could have a 6th I would add Ice Cube
Happy 2nd birthday to Prince George. Love the cute photo that has been released.
Been blasting Justin bieber all day to hint to my mother she still has time to go online and buy me tickets to unwrap tomorrow morning...
@user If Cena wins on Sunday, it will disrespect the legacy of Ric Flair . Make the right choice @user for the win.
Auzzie is really proud of being the 2nd person to comment on zayn's nipples when that cover came out lol
@user What should tomorrow night\u2019s #KandiKoatedNight topic be???? -- how I\u2019m going to get on Kandi Factory!
Follow the top Justin Bieber stories for Dec 24 on our topical page:
I feel like Tom Brady in the 4th quarter.
Let's be honest how many of ya sat down and listened to Kendrick's To Pimp a Butterfly? Cause I skimmed through it once and turned it off
Djokovic v Federer should be good one tomorrow. Fancy the Swiss, can't see Djokovic coming back if he falls behind in this one.
"TOMORROW! Scott Walker essentially said black lives don't matter.  Not joking, just saying. #EDWeekly 7 @user
Poor Dustin Johnson! This is going to be special. C'mon Rose #PGAChampionship
@user KLUB ACE!!! Klub ACE !!!!   This SATURDAY!!!  $5  with ur college id til 11:30
What to expect besides the new iPhone 6S at Apple's September 9th press event
Go Set a Watchman will hit the shelves on Tuesday at some libraries while other branches will be getting the book...
"Chuck Close talks process in anticipation of his opening @user tonight, 6 to 8 PM at 534 West 25th Street
@user this is the exact reason why I don't preorder Friday releases from Amazon. They always push it back to the Monday delivery.
@user @user do you think Chelsea deadline day bid was real or just spin by mufc to try and justify the fee? Think it may be latter
Tonight I spent 20 minutes looking for someone with Amazon Prime so I could order a Ouija board for Friday without my mom finding out #adult
I wish I still had my iPod from ages ago. I had much better taste in music in the 8th grade
"The toll affected by the Great East Japan Earthquake Tsunami 3.11 2011:Death-15,871 Missing-2,778 Amounts-18,649 as of 10 Oct.(Cont)"
If you open tomorrow and you're not at dunkin at 7:15 do you even work at hersheypark?   the answer is no
Breeders\u2019 Cup fans\u002c watch Sky2 @ 7am Sat & Sun.  Sat R5 to 9 live & Sun R6 to 12 with @user live. Other BC races will be replayed.
New Divas tag team division in the works? The future of Seth Rollins &amp; John Cena. #wwe #divas #sethrollins #johncena
Cyborg saw Rousey's numbers and how she was trending and all of a sudden she can make 135lbs by December lmao
"Ventura, CA : see you next Wednesday night at The Tavern w/ @user
I was really upset on Friday night and I laid my head on my 'friends' lap he hugged me then began to sing 3 little birds by Bob Marley
I am going to @user 1st and then to the London Conference of Critical thought
@user Definitely possible! I do it all the time with Game of Thrones. I may even like the series better (hides)!
K Im done lookin at Nicki Minaj's titties for 2nite..Found someone to skype with! Smiles for those late night Skype sessions.GOD BLESS WOMEN
@user TOM HARDY should play BANE again... He should kill BATMAN when they want 2 replace like in the comics... The 3rd... KNIGHTFALL
@user I know it was the best day ever I\u2019m soo happy! Are you going to write on your arm or hand Robsten Unbroken tomorrow?c:
Convinced my sister that Zayn will appear in the background of the #DragMeDownMusicVideo  if she watches it 20+ times This is her 6th view
Stroke damage 'helps smokers quit': A brain region called the insular cortex may drive smoking addiction... (BBC)
@user @user you just saw Shawn last Sunday
The Daily Zap - All the action from Wednesday\u2019s six pack can be found right here in the Daily Zap.
Don't get me wrong I think Ray Rice deserves a 2nd chance in the NFL and in the court of public opinion but Ryan Braun can't have that smh
A three-month-old boy was found abandoned at a platform of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) on Saturday night.
"Chiara Atik's The Secret Catcher in 3G's Sips&amp;Scripts, tom @user @ The Gin Mill. New play, cold draft &amp; hot tots. C'mon, you know you wanna."
probably going to be going to Ventura warped on June 21 I'm so excited!!
"Playing a scramble event at Knollwood tomorrow, let's see how the """"Steady Eddy"""" will hold..."
"How about Walker Rd (top of hill) and streets off Walker (Spring Hll, Knollwood, Maple, Oak)? Out since Monday. Trees/wires on Walker down,"
@user : Prashant Kishore may be a Chanakya but not capable enough 2 make a leader like Rahul Gandhi the PM of this  great country.
Anonymous asked: May I know the format of unboxing video? and is it for album only? Can I do it for...
GOLF VIDEO:Masters Champ & Ryder Cup cheerleader Bubba Watson lands in China for the 1st time & reflects on year
Today's the 13th. You know what that means? It's Swift Day! :D Happy Swift Day lovelies!
I'm enjoying 'U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday' on the Classic Rock channel at @user
"Iron Maiden announce first ever double album, the Book of Souls that will arrive on September 4th! : )http://t.co/YpH0MuQsVv"
Happy 15th to the Nokia 3310! The best phone ever! :3
This is a trending topic: Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charge You cannot make this stuff up.
Franklin Cty GOP plans to hold Eisenhower Day dinner tonight\u002c although keynote speaker\u002c former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum\u002c may not attend.
Is Kanye West really going to run for president? I'm afraid #idiocracy may become a reality sooner than we'd hoped...
@user Riri is the queen of shade. Because her forehead blocks out the sun.
"Is anyone else going to the Kenney Chesney, Jason Aldean concert tomorrow? Maybe we can tailgate?"
"#theFrontPage If the presidency has given a December target to eradicate Boko Haram, it's realistic if they target their top leaders @user
"The Christmas Party is one week away :) Friday night, December 18, at the Curtis home. Please bring a festive...
@user Deathly Hallows Part II now become the 3rd High Grossing Movie in Worldwide All of time with $1.133M . Absolutely Amazing !
Sept 12 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co said it had not seen any unusual customer fraud related to a recent cyber attack on the bank
Metal-Saturday with new Amorphis followed by new Iron Maiden. Hell yeah!
Come join us at the Owain tonight with discounted drinks and DJ and Don't forget buy one get one free on all sunday dinners tomorrow!
Netflix it is on this Friday night.
"wow tomorrow is my birthday..i really can't wait and the best present would be a""happy birthday""wish from justin bieber"
"Determined to share the Gospel with many Christians on Sept 30.  This is #GoEverywhere 2015.  On Sept 30, the...
@user decent that bruv n I\u2019m looking the Espanyol game in jan the 5th or 6th ..
Today is 27 August meaning @user has otra today and I hope she has the bestest time ever and that Niall wears this
"Raissman: Frank Gifford made Monday Night Football work: Gifford, who died Sunday morning of natural causes at age 84, was one of the..."
@user @user @user  I'm going for Seth Rollins to win. Sting may put up a good match but won't be enough.
"Watching some crap called ""Big Brother"". Okay. I may have been out of the loop for some time now but,... WTF!!"
"3rd time watching twilight movies, still have the same feeling as the first time I watched it."
Boy said "I'm coming too IHOP tomorrow too!" I said come on lol he said what time. I said 3 lmao
#Khader Exists Israeli high court will hear case of Khader Adnan on Thursday. That may well be too late. Where are the protests?
Can\u2019t believe Parks isn\u2019t on tomorrow because of the Voice. Newsflash NBC: New Yorkers actually don\u2019t care that they missed the Voice.
@user stfu wit them excuses...Clippers gonna beat the hell outta the Lakers tomorrow
Gotta go see Flight tomorrow Denzel is the greatest actor ever
Just finished watching 1st episode of #accused. F**king brilliant. Yet again Jimmy McGovern triumphs. Look forward to the rest.
#Rangers Josh Hamilton went 1-for-1 while pinch hitting in the 9th. #MLB
"#BioDiversity #Human  Floyd Mayweather may know who Ronda Rousey is, but he certainly doesn't seem to care. In...
Watching MTV  Hits! The Wanted Chasing the sun!
"New blog, nice conversations with friends (both staying in the deepest pits of hell) and going to see Paper Towns tomorrow. Good shit."
U gotta love the Rahul Gandhi Afternoons. So much fun. Wonder why they don't make him speak on Monday...will help getting over Monday blues
