@user that's why it is called masterstroke or else it was known before Rahul Gandhi &amp; kejriwal would have sat on dhana to oppose
David Cameron's willingness to arrange the #EU referendum rules suggests he's greatly concerned about the outcome.
I\u2019ve got 2 tickets to see Leonard Cohen in Rosemont\u002c IL on November 23 that I can\u2019t use. Anyone interested? Face value is about $300.
@user @user Just saw you do the Sun. ev news  Great job.  Sad to hear about Frank Gifford..Sure Kathy Lee is devastated.
Apple iPad Pro might be announced on September 9 event along with smart bands for Apple Watch.
Welcome to Airasia...how may I assist you ? :D #pakesuarasuperngebass
SEMA kicks off in Las Vegas tomorrow.  Our friends over at built up this Wildcat for the GBC...
Who\u2019s on Google+? We want you to participate in a live Google+ Hangout with AnimalSense next Wed 10/24 at...
Kanye West really may be the most ignorant human walking the earth lol
@user  my  heart is broken for your loss of your husband Frank Gifford may he rest in peace god bless you and your family.
Watchman on the Wall: The Day America Died 26 June 2015 WR15-181
@ 8 am I want to give you tickets to see JANET JACKSON Sept 8 @user @user @user
Dustin Johnson dealt with another major disappointment after shooting +3 &amp; going from leading after 2 at -10 to being tied for 22nd &amp; at -7
closing the Halloween party Friday night @ Rum Runners.
@user @user How many times you stepped in a mosque and sat down and spoke to Muslims ?  NEVER ! I suspect .
Seth Rollins Leaves Hotel with Cops on Saturday Night   #News #WWE
Those who say Ahmediya is true Islam are ignorant. May Allah Pak show them the right path #AhmadiyyaIsNotIslam
Going to the Heat vs. Bobcats game December 26
Go see the Marley Movie Wednesday night at the F.M. Kirby Center with George Wesley opening. You will be...
It's Game Day Saturday at Island Wing Co.: $2 Domestic Bottles (all Day)!  See it here -
#Grooves (2300 Pierce) This Friday Sept28th Kendrick Perkins NBA Back to Camp Party with @user and OKC Teammates |
"the ""somebody talk"" in rising sun literally brought Kpop from the brink of death"
BOXINGEGO: Floyd Mayweather Jr and Showtime make it OFFICIAL. Mayweather vs. Berto Sept 12th Showtime PPV.
"So my Moto G is now scheduled for next Thursday. Lame. Originally today, now a week later. How long does it take to get to NJ from Shenzhen?"
I asked my mom if I could go to Disneyland on Monday and she asked if Lana Parrilla was going to be there
Happy to be celebrating Torani's 87th Fourth of July at the San Diego County Fair. Come out tonight for the...
@user Nope xDD I live in Moskau\u002c and.... it\u2019s not so cold.... ^^ In Siberia\u002c may be xD So... Whatever our governor?
Entertainment: Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are hosting the Golden Globes\u002c airing Jan 13. Get ready for a night full of laughs!! -Ashley&Alyssa
Anyone: hey Julie what'd you do last night  Me: nothing just creeped Mariah Carey's instagram until the sun came up
"Charlie Rose with Bill Joy; Daniel Barenboim (March 13, 2000): Bill Joy, chief scientist at Sun Microsystems, di...
"When @user scams a poor innocent girl out of 20c, after she sat in Big Brother for 2 hours.  Your pathetic, hosting rights removed."
"Papa WAS A ROLLING STONE. It was 3rd of September, a day I'll always remember. .........!!!!!!!!"
Today (July 28th \u201912) is Milk Chocolate Day. Bring it on. #milkchocolateday
"Jess Glynne has a song called ""Bad Blood"" on her new album &amp; I'm seeing her in November &amp; I hope she does a BB/BB Remix."
"Some of you may have heard of Promo Zo who has been doing mixes for Kane over the last couple of years, mostly...
Several new series available Friday at the All Arts Market at Neighborhood Theatre!
"I'm just honestly so blessed that otra is on a Tuesday they're looking out for me because Sunday, Wednesday and Thursday is Big Brother"
This is for you ignorant fucks that think Bob Marley's birthday is on 4/20
I literally had actual plans to go to Disneyland on Thursday and now I don't. This is what the broken heart emoji was made for
@user WERE YOU AT THE HAYE VS CHISORA FIGHT ON SAT? We saw you at the side of the ring n then you disappeared #LIKEMAGIC
Floatin soaking up some sun n some Eric church. Can it get any better than this?
okay for real if someone has tickets for the Ed Sheeran show on October 8th let me know i will do anything to be at that show
I really hope that Obama attends Serena's match on Saturday...Ciara's doing the National Anthem. Give us deze ratings biches.
@user we've got a 2nd gen roku and really enjoy it. same here with Netflix and Amazon Prime
@user He won't like Donald Trump calling him a 3rd rater.  I think he's trying to elevate his profile.
Kurt Cobain solo album to be released in November.  I guess he's taking another shot at music.
"If Tony Romo doesn't score 50 fantasy points for me tonight, I'm screwed. Wait, you're saying that's not going to happen?"
Just watched the whole 2nd season of AHS in less then 24 hours. I'm not even ashamed.
@user Does anyone else find it odd #McCann jumped on April Jones bandwagon,but didnt say  word about Tia Sharp where FAMILY involved ?"
Sad Frank Gifford dies today at 84( turn out the lights the partys  over)If you remember that its from Monday...
i out of 11 breakpts converted-not nearly good enough by Federer at #USOpen2015 . C'mon, Deliciano, you can beat Novak- Believe !
Carly Fiorina may not make it to be President but she would be an excellent Secretary of State!...
Driving west towards Banff as the sun sets on the mountains. It\u2019s comforting to see those hills again. Home
Has anyone ever seen @user and Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson together in the same room?
"Oliseh woos Ibe: Head coach of the Super Eagles, Sunday Oliseh has held talks with Liverpool starlet,... #femnath"
Dana White &amp; Joe Silva are scum bag atheists and Ronda Rousey is endorsing Bernie Sanders. Don't give them your money. Stream the UFC on Sat
I used to absolutely love the music to Silent Hill. Even had it on my ipod!
"Somebody tweeted ""frank ocean new album"" with a link, my dumb ass clicked on the link &amp; it was a link to lil bow wow 1st album. So fuck you!"
I might wear my Nike slides tomorrow just for that tweet
Federer will play another final tomorrow. This guy is just amazing. #CincyTennis
Talk about post holiday blues.15 seconds of George Osborne's voice undoes all the good of a week in the sun. Personification of a wet Monday
When you realise it's September tomorrow and Frank Ocean still hasn't released his album
Don\u2019t forget FCA won\u2019t meet tomorrow morning. We will just meet after the football game on the field with SAHS FCA. #dontmissit #freepizza
@user welll ya know st Patrick's day is in march & st Patrick was a leprechaun so that Obvs makes me a leprechaun as well as u :p
Messi needs to show up more in the 2nd Half. #mexicovsargentina
"Ancelotti """"varane and benzema have both woken with fever. I don't think either will play tomorrow"""""
Gucci variety death instinct in confidence march cook up the duo thine morphological individual far out contra...
@user I LOVE Dr. AQ!! :-) Kamran Shahid interviewed him today.I suggest u to watch it
this has also been the 1st episode of Hannibal that had no tension, action or killing at all. also, almost no (new) Hannibal Lecter scenes.
Universal should just make a feature focused on 2pac. No sequel or relation to Straight Outta Compton, or Snoop Dogg
@user 2nd worst QB. DEFINITELY Tony Romo. The man who likes to share the ball with everyone. Including the other team.
Eric church on the radio &amp; its casual friday. Life is good man
@user How fragile is it? I'm still on Moto G 1st gen and this has lasted all holocausts. Looking at Mi now.
"watched all of @user X Factor video's last night. he needs to start making music, wicked voice!"
Dr. Mohamed Morsi announced as Egypt\u2019s 1st elected President after the glorious 25th of Jan Revolution. Congratulations to #Egypt!
Of course difference is @user came clean. Shoeless Joe fans contended he was innocent and he may have been @user
Many gays come out twice. 1st as gay. 2nd as a Katy Perry fan. Many cowards remain in the Katy closet. Congratulations @user
Special gala at work tomorrow. Gonna be a busy day... #timetosleep
Today was National Kissing Day\u002c I\u2019ll have to make up for the loss tomorrow
Alone at a McDonald's. Few vestibules away people are talking about Mar's presidency run while the other table talks about Nicki's VMA feud.
@user ATE DANICA thank you so much you make may day happy ate pwede po ba makuha number mo ???? :))
ATTN: WRESTLERS- Still time to join this Sunday\u2019s Seminar/Tryout. Here\u2019s the info:
Any recommendations for a courier to take a data secure box 8kg from Haltwhistle to London. Preferably same day delivery next Mon or Tues.
I feel like a kid waiting for christmas when it comes to bike parts I want. Please Kenda release your Honey Badger soon.http://t.co/0KZrV2nk
@user @user will NEVER but the sun Jo\u002c never!  EVEN - for a guaranteed date with Dave Grohl!!! Even then!!!
@user Pls RT Bolton Society for Blind People are bringing Vegas to Bolton with a Charity Dinner on 23 Sep #BSBP
"I'm fuckin Joel Skinners daughter! """"you mean the same asshole that held Kenny Lofton at 3rd in game 6 of the ALCS"""" @user
@user Ha, I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I'm just happy it's not Vettel's 5th consecutive championship #easilypleased"
@user Man I\u2019m thinking as hard as a 12 inch dick on a Saturday morning that has to pee as bad a race horse at the Kentucky derby
I am so confused by this David Bowie musical. Is it really done forever after Jan 20th? Or will it be back for a full run???
Got plans tonight?  Join us at AJ\u2019s on Poyntz for Thursday Night Live!  Jessica Furney will be playing 7-9 pm
People may talk ill about Sam Smith 's orientation. But I must state that his songs still remain my anthem in the morning! @user
Ok\u002c Party People\u002c who\u2019s going to be at Jeff Timmons\u2019 Last Wired Show tomorrow night? Show him some Love if you\u2019re in town! :)
Wait, people are surprised Erdogan was covertly riding the ISIS tiger? That's just dumb.
Its going down on Friday at EKO HOTEL @user will be LIVE in Lagos.... performing at the SUMMER JAM FEST ..have you gotten ur tickets
@user I'm literally struggling as we speak--I'm traveling in March and I listen to soooo much KPop that it's past time!
Get the popcorn (or coffee in my case) ready, folks. 1 hour till the new iPhone event! Tuning in from #Asheville, NC.
can't wait for tomorrow!! @user @user I get to meet @user and I can't even believe it. ready for Digi!
so Harper is blaming Del Mar racing another meet for the summer meet's struggle.  Never change California racing.
New trailer for Sky Atlantic's The Last Panthers  Series starts on November 12th  David Bowie has written the...
@user Boko Haram fighters slit the throats of 10 fishermen in Africa on Thursday; no mention from you.  Jericho OK though so happy days
"RT @user Time for #MusicMonday.. Today's choice is PJ Harvey - In the Dark Places, for the album Let England Shake ..."
Exact moment things went wrong in Iran leading directly to where we are today. Kills me every time I read about it
"I may not remember where I was the day Kennedy was shot, but I remember jerking off the first time I watched Katy Perry's ""I Kissed a Girl."""
It's the first of August and started off good with Ant-Man.
Wow.. May is National Masturbation Month is AWESOOMEEE! I got laid last night bc of it
I guess I'll make tomorrow Gilgamesh and Naruto night. The king returns mongrels.
"If one more commentator references how \""""smart\"""" the Dook players are\u002c I may just turn this mess off. #overratededucation #dook"
"The winner of the Ed Sheeran lookalike competition sponsored by ""Balls of Fire"" is...
Mojo just did a mini-mix of classic Michael Jackson that just made my Thursday better.
Seinfeld may be the only thing I care about anymore
State + federal funds combined are about a third of Planned Parenthood funding, lets take back the 3rd it will help with the deficit. NOT..
"Over the next few years, George Osborne might not be Mr Popular, but he may be Mr Right
Retweeted SocialRMadrid (@SocialRMadrid):  ABC | Real Madrid will announce he signing of De Gea on January 1st....
"Hear Janet Jackson's Soulful New Song, 'Unbreakable' - Fresh off unveiling the track list and cover for her 11th L...
@user Like the BBC, when they've just mentioned a brand/product. 'Other ways to learn are available and may be just as effective'.
John Kasich may be the most genuine of all of the candidates #VotersFirst
"I may go off the grid till 11/7. \""""Christians\"""" keep driving me further from Christianity. Pregnancy after rape is science\u002c not \""""God\u2019s will.\"""""
george harrison here comes the sun original
@user has to be more to Hillary but she comes across as a lying &amp; disingenuous doofus however those traits may be presidential...
We have sympathatics who opposed the death sentence specifically for Yakub because he may have actually...
Happy Monday everyone ! Have a nice day with "Stir It Up" from Bob Marley #shopinsidermorning
George Osborne will on Tuesday reject calls for the UK to take part in latest Greek bailout: FT
@user can't comment on your video, don't have a google+ account :( I'm on the 2nd year for my Masters in Theoretical Particle Physics
Demba Ba is rated as \u201950-50\u2019 to make Newcastle United\u2019s trip to Liverpool on Sunday\u002c with the striker nursing a calf injury.
Can't wait to see Eric church, Kenny Chesney  Brantley Gilbert and chase rice tomorrow with @user !
Let Loose with Selfie this Tuesday at 8|7c on ABC! #englishtvshow #englishtvseries #hollywoodtvseries #trending
@user @user If Israel withdrew from West Bank tomorrow it would be taken over by Hamas, ISIS or Iran in a week."
#Gossip #Madonna Madonna performs in St. Louis Thursday night; Will she be late? #TeamFollowBack Go
13:58 Steven Pourier\u002c Jr. (OLC) MADE the 2nd of the 2 shot Free Throw. DaSU leads 90 - 36 in the 2nd Half. #NAIAMBB
WINNER - our train station at Glossop has just been awarded 1st in Best Station Development Category at national award ceremony. #teamwork
Kanye & Kim as batman and catwoman may be the hottest thing ive ever seen #jeal #bestcelebcouple
Catching up on Sunday NYTimes: 1st thing Bobby Jindal is going to do as president is invade Planned Parenthood lol.
@user well, I think KC may have a good QB for the future in Murray."
Who's going to be 1st in line tomorrow for FREE hot dogs to celebrate National Hot Dog Day??  First 100 people get FREE Fenway dogs.
"Today was the 4th time that Anthony Rizzo and Kris Bryant homered on the same day, the first time since July 16 at the Indians. #Cubs"
Everyone please sacrifice your dogs to satan so Justin and Shawn meet tomorrow at the vmas
At some point tomorrow morning/afternoon\u002c the #NHL will can the Winter Classic\u002c and effectively the entire season. Is it March Madness yet?
While I was at Taco Bell I got to thinking about Hannibal. I might not be ready to watch the finale but MAYBE I could watch the 2nd to last.
Mariah Carey may have 18 #1's but Bang Bang outsold every single Mariah's ever put out in the United States.
GREAT class tonight!!  You all brought it 100% .  I was dripping BEFORE the pushups tonight...see you tomorrow for ZUMBA at 5:30
@user Hi - do you know when doors open/acts start at Foo Fighters gig at MK Bowl tomorrow (Saturday)?
5 point's out of 12 under Curtis... only 5 out of a possible 24 with Monk (Before Departure)... team already improving... C'mon Swans #SCFC
@user Dark Souls is pretty much near the bottom of the list for me to finish, along with many MANY RPGs,gotta get thru short ones 1st"
Sept 24 Webinar: Collaborate confidently with customers using IBM Connections Files Cloud.
So what I'm focusing on is motivating Tom Brady and my team  I want them to have a great game Thursday
"Thinking about Zac Brown Band and @user ? Well ""Keep me on mind"" for a ZBB ride 5pm Thursday at Fenway!"
"In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker (R) may not have $250 million for education ... ... but he does have $250 million...
NBC writer @user has Lorenzo Brown as 4th best PG in the nation. Ryan Harrow comes in at No. 19:
I really want to see shawn on Tuesday BUT MY MOM WORKS LATE ON TUESDAY AND I HAVE NO WAY OF GETTING THERE AND IM SAD
If you need convincing that bombing Syria wrong/flawed/unethical then Tony Blair's support for bombing might assist
"Of course I\u2019m not home when my team in town  :/ \""""@SteveyC16: Knicks vs Celtics preseason game in Albany this saturday....who going??\"""""
Mommy is leaving on Sunday. Didn\u2019t say shit. Like I knew she was leavin\u002c but she ain\u2019t say when.
"Come try #ringette for FREE Sat Sept 12, 11-12 @ the Prince George Coliseum. Info at
Bernie Sanders event Saturday @ 12 noon, Huntington Bch CA at the pier (Main St.) Please JOIN US, or if not, RETWEET
Who\u2019s going the homecoming game Friday ? Brookwood vs central ^_^
I thought @user was retiring the Lumia line to give way to Surface Mobile? I guess not.
Derrick Williams now is your chance to show why you were taken 2nd overall
I don't particularly like Iran.  Glad they are doing the right thing to bolster their defence against those #drones
@user i have the Ipod Touch 5th and i have the IOS 8.4.1,ofc i cant downgrade because 8.4 is not being signded,so now what i supposed to do?
@user &lt; Hi Andrea, thanks for the note - I did see the news re Google+, we'll discuss that more in your meeting on Friday :D
Heavy morning traffic on the Brooklyn Bridge at 6 am. I just want to say... I love New York City.
"Christian &amp; Kane are ready on the Boom lounge at the @user you may even catch the MKR girls around, say hi
"Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges                ""good she manslaughtered her penis"" -Brandon"
@user read my tweets - may help you understand ? i am also bothered by the fact that Madoff screwed people\u002c despite evidence of such
seeing a Google+ button on CNN for the 1st time.
Tatler sent a photographer to David Cameron's wedding and have just uploaded the pics to the internet for some reason
@user @user you must also do some learning in Islam and you may get content to your reason and logic.
SNC Halloween Pr. Pumped. Let\u2019s work it for Sunday....Packers vs....who knows or caresn. #SNC #cheerpracticeonhalloween
I loved the Hannibal finale Saturday. It was good enough and open enough to interpretation to please all types of Fannibal. #HannibalMicDrop
@user thank you Gucci! We on tomorrow and all weekend!
"Kluber takes perfecto into 6th, but Tribe falls: Kris Bryant hit a walk-off home run with two outs i... #fanrates"
"Nicki is so hot and out of all the fine qualities she has, her teeth just may be my fav one. Not her butt, but her teeth."
Following his 2nd round knock-out last night, we make Conor McGregor 4/7 to defeat Jose Aldo...http://t.co/1qZWXTAJ3Y
UGHHH. I love Thursday nights because Big Brother is live and I honestly don't know who will be sent home tonight #BB17
@user @user where would he play? James and Isco will be back up wingers, he's 3rd choice back up"
Fiorina bets Clinton server wiped clean - GOP presidential candidate Carly Fiorina said on Friday that she bets De...
Just got home from watching Frozen at Movies in the Canyon! Great night, great movie! Next Friday it's Jurassic Park!
@user 15th august.The anthem still chokes me up.The flag still makes me proud.Gandhi still looks over us.happy Independence day INDIA
"Oh blessed be, Shawn is still hotter than the sun. Bless Rider Strong... my first non-cartoon TV crush. Have mercy *Fans face*"
Caitlyn Jenner on Ellen: I've got my 8th grandchild ready in the Oven. I automatically thought of The Visit. LOL
"Have you seen the 1st episode of """"Styled To Rock"""", the fashion talent produced by Rihanna, dedicated to Kanye...
Today it's all about tablet PCs - here's a guide to the Windows 7 operating system
@user Quest for Fire - Iron Maiden, because we've lost the sun and we must find it soon."
Having to work a Sunday but a Sunday of the Edinburgh Derby #grim
a place in the sun. Presenter: orange and lemon trees too Person:that\u2019s our breakfast! What the?Who has oranges and lemons for breakfast?
I know that we are young And I know that you may love me #MTVStars Lady Gaga
"Dunkin' Save for America's Got Talent is open. #AGT #DunkinSave I saved Gary, may the odds be ever in you favor"
Hope to see everyone at Eldora Speedway TOMORROW for the full UMP Nationals event! This evenings events have been...
@user Raw and Smackdown.  The authority is doing a lousy job.  They're doing everything under the sun to keep Seth Rollins as champ
@user Model Search tomorrow between 9am-12.30pm at Westfield Parramatta. Applications available on the day.
watched Unofficially Yours with Richard Mark Morcella\u002c his partner and Jaja Abastillas
im so sad Ed Sheeran is going to be in Atlanta on Saturday and im not going to see him
voting ends tomorrow at ten a.m. so can this tweet get up to at least a hundred retweets by the morning? #MTVStars Lady Gaga
Coastal Coffee will be at the Thanksgiving farmers market in Grand Bend tomorrow morning.
It is Nit a joke... Be there... Promo video filming tomorrow at disclosed location ... Double Tap if u want
Bus services in Liverpool city centre will be affected on Saturday due to the Pride Parade
Seriously CANNOT wait to see josh Hamilton play Monday. Favorite player in the game.
Anyone going to Foo Fighters tomorrow
Horror movie loving Wednesday Addams-esque girl on the outside, Disney soundtrack singer and Harry Potter enthusiast on the inside.
@user I'm sad that Naruto (manga) is over and I'll probably cry when the anime ends. Kishimoto-san is coming to the US in October!!
Since everybody telling me I can\u2019t be a urban model+walk the run ways in Paris! Then imma be the 1st to do it and prove em wrong
@user its the first one, with a new scenario for ios and android... it's 50% off until 8am tomorrow!
Text of speech by Gibraltar's Chief Minister at the Finance Centre Lunch in London last Monday.
"Attn: that ""not afraid"" group shot in Paris is NOT from tonight... that's from after Charlie Hebdo in January... sigh, social media."
Rahul Gandhi talking about politics and policies is like studying for CAT from a 2nd grade teacher. @user  #FakeIntolerance
yo I\u2019m excited for Royal Rumble might book that Monday off work so I can watch it
Acta gets the ax. Wrote about him and other managers on the hot seat on Tuesday
"\"""" SOUL TRAIN\"""" OCT 27 HALLOWEEN SPECIAL ft T.dot FINEST rocking the mic...CRAZY CACTUS NIGHT CLUB ..ADV ticket $10 wt out costume $15..."
don't be sad when the sun goes down! #MTVStars Lady Gaga
@user fell asleep during Magic Mike XXL.....guess we are just gonna have to rewatch it tomorrow.....daaaarn
@user Cubs fans still complaining that Kris Bryant didnt come up til May now number in the dozens.
NYSE and CME will remained closed on the 30th for all US stock and equity futures
I'd say this makes me think of Sarah Palin's "I can see Russia" moment, but that's basically the whole GOP.
i move tomorrow and i still havent packed 1 thing but i dont care because michael jackson released an album when he was dead
Chicago Sun Times - Kris Bryant and Jessica Delp spend day off at Shedd Aquarium
"Frank Gifford and 'A Fan's Notes': Frank Gifford, who died Sunday in Connecticut at age 84, was not just a Hal...
This Friday we warmly embrace all things KIWI!! NZ v Tonga will be playing on the rooftop with a NZ flavoured BBQ and Steinlager a plenty
"One of the advantages to living in SC is we get to meet candidates in person, going to meet Carly Fiorina tomorrow, a competent honest woman"
Lmao ite he ain't goin be to happy he said he coming to allderdice tomorrow for you nigga @user
Monday already. That\u2019s OK - at Volare Restaurant Chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today.   We...
I do love my iPhone 6plus but I am definitely not a fan of the fact that I just accidentally sat on it and it is now another shape...
Looking forward to spinning the legs out tomorrow. Check out the profile of the bike course from Ironman Wales.
"If I could make the Logic and Future shows in March and a Kendrick show, I'd be content."
"To all of you watching Kina Grannis tomorrow, its still a GO. stay safe everyone! @user @user @user @user
De La Soul's song Buddy just made my Friday! #jammingatmydesk
@user right you are, they could end up picking sidney crosby 1st rou... wait a second, that already happened"
#yakubToHang Breaking NEWS : President studying Yakub's mercy plea.Says he doesnt want to decide in haste.Needs time.Hanging may not happen
"It\u2019s #DigitalWednesday! If you want an MP3 of \""Keep your Foot on the Devil\u2019s Neck\u002c\"" be one of the 1st 10 people to respond \""I DO!\"""
"Where the hell are the atheists? Oh, right. We're talking Islam here. They don't have the balls to say anything.
wut do u guys want from dunkin tomorrow @user @user
The husband of the cunt who hates gay marriage says people who visit him should know how much he LOVES the 2nd Amendment. Dissonance much?
Awkward when Marni in Halloweentown  completely changes people between the 3rd and 4th movie #imsickandnothingison
"Hunter S. Thompson said in the February 15, 1973 issue of Rolling Stone, ""If I'd written the truth I knew for the...
Ok going to Laguna... Be back tomorrow.. No wifi... Can't use my phone to have Internet cause more bills are coming.. Bye guys
Chancellor Angela Merkel planned to discuss Europe's migrant crisis with her coalition partners Sunday, as...
Hey #GWU! Interested in a free ticket to the Train concert tomorrow night?! Head to the Smith Center NOW to help us out with set up!
"Live in the city? Go to WGC!  Live in the Hutt? Go to Horti Hall!  GLYN BARRETT from UK speakin at BOTH! Tomorrow, 7pm #hutt4life #cityswag"
This Amy Schumer segment is now old news about 2 days too late...good producer would have had it on Monday @user #Local24 #LML
I feel like Tom Brady in the 4th quarter.
"I'm going to Nekromantix at Reverb in Reading, PA - Jul 24
@user Get the app! Saturday will be here before you know it! App Store Google Play
Honestly who is trying to go to Kanye West '808's and Heartbreak' at the Hollywood bowl Sept 26??? Looking for accompaniment.
@user @user Jeb Bush dug himself a deep hole with his "Act of Love" comment.If he was +3% yesterday, he will be -3% tomorrow
@user @user let's not forget that the original point of this discussion was bc Shawn believed the 2nd amendment to be....
Cardinals bullpen just did their best 7th inning Kershaw impression.
"I get the impression that this guy does not like Kanye West, I may be wrong but that's what it looks like to moi
So Jim White just said Pogba could leave Juventus before Tuesday, get a bid in Chelsea!!
Decent outing from Canada against the 3rd highest ranked team in the world. Undone by a bit of brilliance by James Rodriguez.
Evolution of Safety: Is Ambulatory Safety the Missing Link? Next NPSF webcast\u002c Nov 15\u002c earn CEs or CMEs\u002c #ptsafety
You know you go to Dunkin' Donuts too much when the worker there says See you tomorrow #99centIcedCoffee
RT @user MTA says it may close city subway if hurricane #Irene packs too big a punch.
Protecting a brand is about more than your trade mark: Red Bull may ...
"K-Fest Vancouver is Go! Saturday September 5th on UBC campus! My dream come true, join the event page here Kpop fans
Saturday night in with a curry and Celebrity Big Brother. Bank Holiday bliss. #passthenaanbread
"Dentist may lose Navy job in Saratoga due to Israel ties: ""You have weekly telephone contact with your mother ...
"Pop bottles, make love, Thug passion, Red Bottoms, Mon Claire, high fashion"
TARHEELS finally scoe n the 2nd Half 52-0
"Carmen Consoli at the Teatro degli Arcimboldi in Milan! January 22, not miss out! Book your hotel at the best rate:
currently listening to justin bieber's very first album and the 6th grade memories are coming back
@user @user both of you, get started with your Honest trailer and EWW for Ant-man. You have until next Tuesday to do it! :D"
New photo of Prince William and Prince George on Princess Charlotte's July 8th christening day relea
"The mantra from Republicans to Democrats today is, 'if you don't like our plan, then where is your plan\""The mantra from Republicans t..."
@user Can't hover over link to see file name? Tudou doesn't have playlists and this particular person only had the 1st episode anyways.
How is the racism\u002c threats\u002c & hatred shown toward entire Zimmerman family different than any racism that George may have had? #hypocrites
"Basically my Sunday-Monday transition   ""@en_jajaja: Nicki: thank you to my pastor Nicki: SO BITCH YOU WAS TALKIN MAD SHIT WHAT UP W THAT"""
"The fact that Bailey is bringing Dunkin into work tomorrow, is the only thing keeping me motivated to wake up in the morning."
"Yup. Great quote @user : ""He who is w/o sin cast the 1st stone."" Racist Hulk Hogan Rant...WWE, Gawker &amp; U!
If I was Cadi and Aaron Samuels asked me what day it is I would probably say October 29th or something because I never know what day it is.
going to bed now...Rose parade then game tomorrow
I have played through Mass Effect 3 16times and just started my 17th run only diffrence thia time is default femshep xD
Can't believe I'm seeing the Foo Fighters on Sunday.. How did I ever think it was okay to miss it
@user  turns to @user  and @user  to help get Surface into the office
You're going Novak end of the year, and Federer arrives
@user rubbish those who kill innocent are going hell simple. 2nd highest population of Jews in ME live in Iran after isreal
@user Thank you, Ian, for making ""Sharknado"" our family's new guilty pleasure!!!  Can't wait for the 4th! #AprilLives"
@user Texas\u002cHouston When i meet with him tomorrow i will tell him how many copy\u2019s i need would you like one with a case or no case
"On Sunday, when it's HOT &amp; also National Ice Cream Day, we'll have homemade ice cream! Try an ice cream sandwich,...
If you desperately want to get your hands on a Galaxy Note 5 and are in Europe, this may be the petition for you:
@user re: the dude from 7th heaven &amp; woody Allen. Last time I checked, r kelly and Chris brown still #thriving
@user I actually believed that his 2nd cousin was Michael Jackson. Gutted when I found out he wasn't - I was 26 by then...
Some analysts are beliving that Tony Romo will have a win against the Falcons Sunday night...yeah ok.
I challenge Katie to stick pins in my eyes tomorrow. I dare you.
#fakta on the 8th of Mar 191 Cao Cao attempted an assassination of Dong Zhuo; an evil tyrant ruling by puppeting the last Emperor of Han.
@user Dear one was driving from Newcastle. Sunday? So glad @user liked it - it was great to meet you Norelle!
Nuit Blanche is this weekend! Plan your night with the Personal Itinerary Planner: @user #snbTO
Missed @user on #bbcqt last night blaming Tony Blair for July 7 attacks? Watch it again here:
Sigh, my Apple Watch just informed me "TIME TO STAND" literally right after I sat down after walking to get a cup of coffee.
I'm behind on Naruto now cause I haven't seen it all day. I hope I can get to the 400's before school next Monday
Planning to watch Ant-Man tomorrow and see all the fuss about .... I hope I won't get disappointed .....
Really want to go see Ed Sheeran on September 20th in Toronto :(
Expecting to see Frank Ocean on Saturday and you get an email saying he's not coming but Kanye is. Okay. #bittersweet
"You'll have a beautiful day - in @user U2 ride tomorrow, 10:45! #mysteriousways
China renews Google's operating licence: China said Wednesday it had renewed Google's licence to operate in the ...
We can take the Big Bucket to the Million Man March. That's a million dollars. You know Biggie Smalls he gone drink two at least!
Need someone to get the April/May Kris Bryant back to Chicago because his at bats are getting worse
"Top 5 MC's right now gotta be Kendrick, Cole, Rocky, Big Sean, and an unfilled 5th spot. Knights on the Mic."
"New David Bowie tune to start Friday and its ten minutes long, good work David. A tour announcement now would make today perfect #Blackstar"
@user c'mon bruh, you watch Chelsea every week you aren't actually gonna tell me that Oscar works harder due to tackles are you?
Me when the boys' 5th album and Zayn's album comes out  #DragMeDownPower
Oh actually this will be Thor's 10th skin. Still don't like it and the hair bothers me.
Take a bow Paul Dunne an Amateur golfer who is co-leading the @user after his 3rd round #theopen
"#VMAs Kanye West should have the special title of ""Sunday Dagboru"" of d industry"
Go to the AHS football game tomorrow to buy Halloween fun run tickets
CSNBA replaying the Grateful Faithful about the Grateful Dead and Bob Weir being a huge SF 49er fan :) Happy Monday :)
All uniformed up and ready to go for the Remembrance service then march to the cenotaph. We will remember th
@user so basically anyone from this September...that's just brilliant news :( big massive thanks to George Osborne and his friends!
Do you know what tomorrow is??? It's NATIONAL HOT DOG DAY!! What JCI dog are you coming to enjoy with us tomorrow??
Get down to Adelaide Oval tomorrow to see ACC\u2019s @user and the @user in action!
#WednesdayWisdom from the old @user Alsip Sign: Do it now\u002c since it will be yesterday tomorrow.
"#WhenICaught Saturday night Fever, I quit my job, moved to Brooklyn, and listened only to the Bee Gees."
People & Power travels to Egypt to see how the April 6th activists have been faring since Mohamed Morsi\u2019s election.
"A sultry new jam ""No Sleeep"" marked the return of Janet Jackson on Friday, July 24, as the pop icon makes her...
"A coyote friend of ours has 6 tickets for the Redskins game on Sunday against the Titans, section 219, rows 10...
@user Run the Jewels and Kendrick took 1 and 2. With Modest Mouse in 3rd. Bit of a genre shift there...
Can't wait for tomorrow . . . won't have to hear about Sharknado anymore.
"Tomorrow is August 8th . Frank Ocean , let me down if you want to .."
@user If I may be so bold, the state of the current WWE product can be reflected in the health of Undertaker's physical being."
"Check out the scene at Stylish Wave Extra on April 22! GUILD, ZUCK, vNEU, HERO, BORN, UNITE, MICRO HEAD4NS, Kra, Kiryu!
Vronsky in the Philippines? Banana Karenina banished O\u2019Trivia to Siberia last Monday Night at Red Lion Tavern!
@user Equally he's d 2nd most expensive under21s(after Neymar's Barca move)&amp;3rd most expensive signing in ManU's history #MadeOfBlack
@user WWA concert film this weekend, you can pre-order the 'WWA Live From San Siro Stadium' DVD. Out Dec 1st.
Today is Prince George's 2nd bday and I'm in Europe...going to his party because I'm considering myself friends of the royal family
@user haha! Seriously, though, it reminds me of the Seinfeld character Jimmy. "Jimmy liked worship this Sunday."  #chsocm
@user Maybe Gaiden characters? 7th Hokage Naruto would be suuuuper lit. And Boruto comes out tmrw so maybe thats it
Don't want to watch a scope of the #Apple Event livestream? Go directly to Apple site.
RT @user We'll be tweeting live Summerslam updates next Sunday on-location at Staples Center for the 3rd straight year! Please sp ...
Rusney Castillo is not in the Red Sox starting lineup on Tuesday night against the White Sox. #RedSoxNation
@user Krystal you better heal up in time for National Margarita Day on Feb 22!
Sold out and took Tom Brady in fantasy. It will be first time in his career he throws a legal football so he may suck. We'll see.
Caraway wins by sub in the 3rd but I still think Rhonda Rousey could beat him. #GFYH #thaoshow
Some girl tried to tell me that Paul McCartney was playing the Perry stage tomorrow.  Like what?
"Thursday night Fantasy Draft, Friday day Charlotte football viewing party, Friday night Jason Aldean, Saturday ECU, Sunday LKN!"
I love Thursdays....Grey\u2019s Anatomy....One day closer to Friday.....and No driving to Huntsville.
@user Entitled because you would be the 1st female President? BS! Carly Fiorina doesn't lie, has more brains; and no funny mouth!!"
IK is going to Pew tomorrow 2 meet families of Shuhada of Army Public School.He should have been there with them on Eid nd after Eid
The only reason I'm watching Ant-Man is cause of 5$ Tuesday this is definitely something you wait to watch at home
ooooo I almost forgot Star Wars day is tomorrow
@user follow @user \u002c on november 26\u002c find her outside the bell center and meet her. please? <31
"Friday is cenation day you have to wear a john cena tshirt, cargo shirts, an the wwe championship as your outfit"
going to yoga class tomorrow morning
3rd week of CFB rankings done.. I want to know what you guys like/dislike about them. What should I add? Any other comments? Email/Tweet me!
October 19\u002c 2012 book news: 20\u002c000 Turn Out for the Southern Festival of Books What do Keith Richards and Margar...
I\u2019m gonna hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow
Kanye West was honored in a big way during Sunday night's MTV Video Music Awards by receiving the Michael Jackso...
"Not even MaY, and the WEATHER is this cold? Floyd Mayweather shows how he spends his NIGHTS....
Kohls has about fifteen racks of pats stuff and nothing Red Sox come on I want a new shirt for the game tomorrow
@user I'll vote for either Ted Cruz or Rick Perry, whichever one is the 1st to declare their state as the "Home of 3 First Round Picks"
"We may have to look at the possibility of a hung Parliament, UDC and BCP may collectively get a combined simple...
"Left over Halloween candy is probably past it's expiration, right? That's what I'll tell my kids when they see the empty wrappers tomorrow."
Hahah Lol so Halilovic was shaking when he saw Messi for the 1st time. I'ld probably faint if i ever meet him.
@user if ugly sunday's your fave u'll prob enjoy his 1st album. fun fact, kurt cobain does backing vocals in a song (down in the dark)
@user Last night's episode made me really want to re-read Apples and Cherries (at least the 3rd time I've read it) :-)
gonna try to meet Shawn when he comes in here in October. someone come with me??
Durham woman hopes to qualify for the Iditarod |
Remembering Michael Jackson Thursday, September 3rd Starting at 22:00  Party like a king in memory of the King of...
A little old man at Dunkin donuts told me I was beautiful. With the Monday I've had...i needed that.
Good to see Danny Care starting the 3rd test against the Boks. Great player who\u2019s very quick at the base of the rucks #rugby
Brock lesnar's 2nd signature must be dominating since it's a suplex @user
Charges filed in Calif. shooting that killed 3 - A convicted felon was charged Monday with the murders of three peop...
"So if Briana (People Mag July 14 2015 as preggers) got pregnant THAT DAY, then 9 mos is April 14 2016. So just how early did they announce?"
"Yakub's body to be brought to Mumbai, CM to make statement  Nagpur, Jul 30 (UNI) The body of 1993 Mumbai serial...
"unnecessarily censored the end of a Hulk Hogan promo and much much more. Monday, at 9:05 EST. Don't miss it. (2/2)"
@user @user Kyle you fall in 5th place in the Mario party standings: 1st Bryan 2nd Bfish 3rd Fish 4th Andre 5th Kyle
"Tonight's LP Wednesday album is Sonic Highways by the Foo Fighters, playing from 7:30 onwards. Come down, and...
Ok...that's about all I can take for today. I gotta watch sharknado in parts. I'll finish watching the rest tomorrow
@user I can wear a Black Dahlia Murder shirt one day\u002c and a sun dress the next xD
"Hey Minnesota, Wisconsin or Iowa....we're wide open on August 19th & 20th on the route back from Minneapolis.  If...
answered all requests but signing off for the night it is time for Sharknado 3 Oh Hell No! see you all tomorrow
"I only give Kendrick his props because of his rapping style on Black Friday, his lyrical sense is there as well but it's Cole or die for me"
Now they playin this dumb ass Friday song by Rebecca black on the intercoms
RT @user 007 in Detroit wed august 17th I'll be dancing live!!!!! D town stand up !!! Get ready its going down!
COOL OUT MONDAYS goes down tomorrow night at the Gin Mill... 10-2 grown folks only!!
"Sam last night: ""Shawn tomorrow morning we should wake up at like 9 and make breakfast"" ... it's 1:34 and he hasn't gotten out of bed yet"
Oh god\u002c I want Bioshock Infinite right now. February is far\u002c far too long to wait.
Good Saturday afternoon workout... By Myself! That\u2019s how I grind nowadays. At the playground with Aaliyah now. #GoodTimes
@user Star Wars day is May 4 Today is just the release of the new movie, duh. Bad guy is going to be Han and Leia's kid, calling it"
"Paul Dunne after birdie on 10: ""Cool to lead the Open on the back nine on Sunday. A different kind of Sunday, but..."""
Great stand by the Wolves on 3rd and long. Curtis will lineup to punt
Last day of ISTEP tomorrow.
So David De Gea is going to Real Madrid right? I thought the deadline was tomorrow at 6pm GMT
@user Thursday and yea g I'm Ice Cube real son have you not seen my twitter page
Hey James Franklin when I play madden and I get sacked on 3rd and have to punt I don't let the clock run down to call a timeout to punt
@user People have no interest in Rahul Gandhi. He may go to Europe forever. He should take his mother with him.
@user noooo not yet. We had a birthday date night last night. Plus I watch it on hulu, which means no Hannibal until Sunday :/
"Per @user the Capitol and Capitol Visitor Center will be closed tomorrow; tours, suspended:
Briana may be pregnant just not with Louis baby
Jurassic World is coming back to theaters this Friday.   I might need to see it again
"Nicki has no class? Mf got a fish in his avi. You get off to the smell of fish right? C'mon bitch step ya dick up, TWEET @ ME. @user
@user FYI: If you want some cool baseball facts, see Neil DeGrasse Tyson, astrophysicist @user  The tweets were posted July 10th"
RT @user RT @user West Cork Pig Derby tonight in Timoleague!  Declared non-runners! #corkbuzz
@user my birthday is Sunday August 23 I can't wait I hope I get ps4 with Minecraft and bo2 and advanced warfare and gta 5
Being able to wake up before the sun rises and not depend on coffee is pretty convenient...still gonna buy some joe tho lol
@user @user / You portray Hannibal beautifully may I just say.
@user as in Colton? Lol but okayyy (: lemme know. I may be living in the library tonight studying for this exam :/
@user More propaganda from the BBC, they promote platforms of dissent, one day they may return to journalism, make the BBC a PLC.
Saturday is Daylight Savings Time - don't forget to set your clocks back 1 hour before bed or you will be extra early for church on Sunday!
Great summary of David Cameron response to the Syrian refugee crisis
I haven't been to yoga since before I went to Europe in July. I'm so excited to take up my practice starting tonight.
Last tweet until John cena wins the WWE world heavyweight championship for the 16th time
@user Happy 22nd Kendall!!! Thank you for being part of Big Time Rush and making me smile and giving me Halloween costume ideas!
"Government on Wednesday attacked Rahul Gandhi for alleging ""100 per cent political vendetta coming out of PMO"" in the National Herald..."
About 100 here in a beer warehouse for John Kasich's first Iowa rally since he announced for president July 21.
Sunday. The second most boring day on earth after EID.
I think it may be a Snoop Dogg morning #smooth #ginandjuice #raremusic
Today I enjoyed my 1st pumpkin spice latte of the season. Thanks Dunkin' Donuts! @user
RICHARD BLAND PPL why are you guys going back tomorrow if we don't have classes monday
A snapshot of Monsanto's share price vs. S&amp;P 500 for the last 6 months. MON down almost 15% over 52 weeks. S&amp;P 500 up
@user Tomorrow is National Hot Dog Day! 7/23 they're giving you 1/2 off the entire Hot Dog menu! Plus new Waffle Dog on-a-stick!
World Briefing | Africa: Mali: Red Cross Prepares Food Aid: The International Committee of the Red Cross said Monday that it had star...
"Baylor Coach Art Briles: ""Shawn, you're suspended for Friday's game.""  Shawn Oakman:   Art Briles: ""uh just kidding.""
I may have no clue what I'm doing with my life but I have Batman underwear, so...
Can it just be the 27th when finals are done and Thor and I are getting wasted with my family in the hottub
"\""""All humans are entrepreneurs\"""" - Reid Hoffman in \""""The startup of you\""""
"THAT moment when #SFGiants' Buster Posey celebrated his RBI single against the #STLCards -- GAME 5 tomorrow, 5:07 pm
Kenny Chesney and Jason Aldean concert tonight and leave for Mammoth tomorrow...one could say I'm spoiled with greatness rn
Guy I will be streaming live tomorrow starting with a little let's play on Minecraft so tweet what u want to see in the world :)
RT @user Foreign Minister Surapong to file complaint against Democrats with police on Mon at 3pm
please please please STOP with the requests for Ice Cube's son &amp; DC Young Fly to star in a new Friday movie.
Off to bed but looking forward to flumps and playing Minecraft with Martin and Chloe tomorrow...Hmmm minecraft flump? #flumplover #minecraft
Pushing myself like no tomorrow to study for just a little more - not feeling good about tomorrow\u2019s Physics exam though. #4days
"Queen Mary dark harbor this Wednesday, who is in? (only of you're going) don't waste my time please."
"Okay if Justin, Nicki, Demi, the weekend and zayn are performing I'ma have to have a 36 inch sew in tomorrow cuz my weave coming out 2night"
Boko Haram May Resume Talks With FG - SOURCES close to the leadership of the Boko Haram insurgents have... #News
"I remixed ""You Can Do It"" by Ice Cube. Please check it out and let me know what you think. #IMW drops January...
"Y'ello,the following people have won Invites to the Headies (main event) tomorrow.  Venue: Eko Hotel and Suites,...
"Also, remember to have dinner at Maverik Center Monday with the grand openings of Little Italy and El Pasado Cantina in the arena."
"Always say we're gonna stop. This Friday night, do it all again. - Katy Perry"
"Busy day in Milan tomorrow, four meetings. Hopefully no fog..."
@user tbf it is\u002c Hodgson currently has the same record as Capello and Hoddle but a better defensive. This is his 11th game in
Free dinner for everyone in highschool In Edmonton at Rahma mosque Saturday night @ 7 its going to be fun   :)
Last day of my vacation! It was a great one! Shinedown Concert kicked ass on the 9th at Bluesfest in Ottawa!! :)
Madrid and Barca run the La Liga, not a chance DDG won't be a Madrid player by tomorrow.
Everton at Fulham: Q&A with Cottagers Confidential - Everton  travel to  Fulham  on Saturday\u002c and we talked to  Kris...
TEAM NEWS: Moussa Dembele\u002c Emmanuel Adebayor and Gareth Bale will all miss the game tomorrow against Maribor. #THFC
Today should be on Nike tomorrow Glasgow to Edinburgh cycle so won't see Monday work so will miss it &amp; off Tuesday ???? My mojo has gone
I'm so glad my boss scheduled me till 11 on the Friday night before SATs #thankyoubitch
@user im being dead ass lol Kendrick nominated for 11 grammys most by any artist 2nd is taylor swift and the weeknd
@user I'm waiting for Monday. Even the John Cena match was flawed
@user you may as well write \""""ooooh look I got some free stuff\"""" Dixie your such a ponce!"
"After all the hype from every @user analyst on the planet, Cactus League legend/pre-ROY Kris Bryant only the 3rd best rookie on his team."
Argus: Are you undecided about who you will vote for in the 17th Congressional District...: Are you undecided ab...
The Leader on the Sunday of the British Open and Paul Dunne is still 20/1. Crazy!
Next Wed our online book club is chatting John Green's Paper Towns! Join the Facebook event to chat! #MomsReading
@user #Catholicchurch required Jews to become Catholics during the 2nd world war, should do the same to Muslims."
The normal Wednesday trash pick-up has been pushed to Thursday this week due to Labor Day Holiday. So, if you...
Dustin Johnson with his traditional Sunday meltdown at a major #bottleless
Wish FIFA would make league results and tables a bit more realistic. Man Utd in relegation zone after 15 games and Aston Villa in 2nd.
@user May your new year be filled with Magic.
Thats the David Wright I know at 3rd bbase
Good luck to the Mutiny Reserves tonite in their playoff match! Get it done! Big match tomorrow night in Est Longmeadow! Mutiny v Red Stars!
Fun fact you may not have heard amid recent consternation over Israel's NGO bill: it hasn't even reached parliament
Our @user 15 celebration continues with this long interview with Jim White\u002c who plays Sat. at Cats Cradle for YR15.
and now I have to listen to Tegan &amp; Sara because I'm so damn angsty after reading about the social pressures of 7th grade
"RT @user Big Brother last night on Channel 5 peaked at 2 million and beat BBC TWO, ITV1 and C4 in it's slot. Plus CBB Final t ..."
@user Looks gorgeous! I\u2019m going to try it out tomorrow. Do you have a base colour or just two coats of Northern Lights in the picture?
Jindal, Landrieu appear on Face the Nation - Sunday on Face the Nation on CBS, Gov. Bobby Jindal delivered the sam...
"Charlie Rose with Bill Joy; Daniel Barenboim (March 13, 2000): Bill Joy, chief scientist at Sun Microsystems, di...
"Lucy Hale is trending worldwide! The girls from #PrettyLittleLiars are getting some love from the fans tonight. Congrats, @user
"You may argued that the two Milan clubs have lost their lustre especially Inter having a single Coppa Italia to their name, says a lot"
"Don't forget Star Wars day! If you want to buy a Star Wars shirt, you can get one from Mrs. Boody tomorrow in room 110"
@user haven't you heard, Zayn an Louis got married in Thailand. Just ask The Sun"
black sabbath are announcing their tour and iron maiden just released their 16th album what is life
Coffee is pretty much the answer to all questions today. #Friday #tgif
Tomorrow at 7:30pm is the Bulldog Welcome at Top Taggart! Afterwards relax and watch the free screening of Jurassic World #BulldogBeginnings
was it liam payne or david beckham on the video we may never know #DragMeDownMusicVideoisOut
That awkward moment when the GOP puts Planned Parenthhod on trial without letting Planned Parenthood defend itself
Oh and being the weird person I am ok going down to Starkville late Friday night @user
"Man, George Harrison was my favorite Beatle. What a brilliant soul, may he R.i.p"
Do you think Kane needs to switch gimmicks again? Should Kane get one more run?  #WWE #SoFarBackSunday #SFBS
Regionals: Pedro to miss Messi: The latest stories from Tuesday's regional newspapers as Pedro says he is going to miss former team-m...
in this pic Dana White is either immensely proud of his fighters or a creepy perv and I'm not sure which one it is
"I don't normally share personal stuff, BUT, It's after 11:00pm, it's the top of the 9th inning, at the White Sox...
@user Were visiting the Scarborough in Leeds on Sat before our Fa Cup game at Guiseley
The moon is an errant thief, And her pale fire she snatches from the sun." - Esteemed romantic poet, Snoop Dogg
@user 194days till i see you at #BELIEVEtour at london o2 arena on march 7th<3
LOOK it's National Hot Dog Day! Yay! Some restaurants are giving great deals on HOT DGS on July 23rd!
"We're going to see Ant-Man tomorrow. If you'd like to go, meet at the Warehouse at 11:30, so we can eat lunch in...
We are sponsoring the Newport Comedy Series this Friday night with Bob Marley performing at the Hyatt on Goat...
@user @user I'm terribly tempted to move back to a Nokia as my phone.  (Although I may still use it as a hotspot)
@user what are the odds that Arian Foster gets over 100 yards monday?
"Boko Haram may have just killed 2,000 people: 'Killing went on and on and on'
@user couldn\u2019t be without it now mate!! The thought of havin to watch Downton Abbey on a Sunday night makes me wanna top myself!!
"DBJ Tech Watch for Monday 8/8: News of Facebook, Google, Microsoft, CenturyLink and more: Welcome to the Denver...
Having a cinema day tomorrow to watch Inside Out and Paper Towns
@user 4th is the one who sealed Naruto
Don't know if it's been reported but several members of Arsenal's U15 team had to be put in restraints after a late night brawl in Sweden
Kendrick Murdered it No disrespect J Cole wounded it
I have an extra backstage ticket to see Chris brown on the 10th
Enough with the reality TV. One broadcaster had an original idea and dumped it. Terra Nova deserves a 2nd chance. Up for it?
SHAWN.. Go to sleep please? Saving your beautiful angelic voice for us tomorrow. Love you!
im spending my hole friday wit bo we gone blow sme keisha nd grab a pack of blacks nd watch the battle of lebron career vs. CARMELO ANTHONY
@user The 1st time I heard Michael Jackson sing was in Honolulu, Hawaii @ a restaurant on radio. It was A.B.C. I was 13. I loved it!
"RT @user Source says WRs Dorin Dickerson and Juaquin Iglesias, TE Jeff Dugan and OL Donald Thomas worked out with Steelers yesterday."
@user He bet me 5 bucks the Lions would make the Superbowl\u002c and he also thinks the Superbowl is on Monday
@user you wanna watch The Big Bang Theory tomorrow?  Its on TBS after Seinfeld.  Should be good!
Carnival Tomorrow. I'll make sure to take pictures:) #Excited
2nd night Parker has been on it ..boy oh boy
"[Chicago Cubs Online] Kris Bryant Starting in Right Field, Kyle Schwarber Behind the Plate for Cubs in Thursday #Cubs"
I think Paper Towns is out tomorrow and I really wanna see it :(
Dustin Johnson hasn't made a par in his last 10 holes -- seven bogeys and three birdies stretching back to the 15th in the third round.
Happy 27th birthday to the one and only Conor McGregor!!
I have to pay attention what to ask the Universe: Tomorrow starting a course on Astrology and its Antroposophical interpretations. :-o
"MADRID, Sept 3 (Reuters) - Real Madrid look certain to retain their status as the world's richest club by income after the La Liga club's"
Apple has major changes in store for the Apple Watch via @user Waiting on 2nd gen...
Aye everybody going to do a giveaway tomorrow for a Ps4 account with a stacked 2k15 team would anybody want that ?
Another tough win for us today! Never been in the semi's in BNP Paribas Open! Next match on Thursday :-)
Some context on Aaron Rodgers interception and win rates trailing in the 2nd half:
My shuffle is favoring Mariah Carey hardcore today but whatever it's Saturday I'm supposed to feel like a diva anyway
Enjoy your day tomorrow at SoundSet . The weather looks amazing. Come early. You won't want to miss
May fall asleep on the couch watching OU and Eastern #naptime
One of pop music's ugliest feuds kicked off at the MTV Video Music Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday when Nicki...
@user @user @user C'mon bro,you know Rousey isn't this hot"
Sooooo I may or may not be freaking out. I was watching their show at Radio City and umm it just like...hit
@user sanchez will be out tonight.
"Photoset: myniallerproblems: Oh my gawd - Vancouver, BC | July 17, 2015 Niall will be the death of me
Dark Souls Spooky Scary Halloween Party In Chasm of the Abyss Tomorrow! [all platforms]
Winding down a long day by watching ManU/PSG in Soldier Field (muted) &amp; listening to the Grateful Dead's July 4th setlist. Too appropriate.
"Hey Time Out Chicago, Paul McCartney didn't write Here Comes the Sun."
Real Madrid 3rd kits 2015/16 New New want one??
Here\u2019s video of the unimaginable goalline fumble that may have cost Florida a shot at the National Championship:
"\""""Birthday Cake\"""" is gonna be the song leading us into 4th quarter\u002c count it."
Thanks to EK\u002c car now smells DELISH!! If you bottled this\u002c it\u2019d be called Saturday Night Dorm Bathroom; its spokesman would be John Belushi.
Biden says he'll run if he has the 'emotional energy' #: Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday that the bigge...
Kris Bryant lines out to LF to end the Top of the 1st stranding runners on 1st &amp; 2nd with no score between the #Cubs &amp; Brewers
"I just watched the KCON snap story &amp; not rn BC Im going to bed, but @user can u plz teach me all about KPOP tomorrow. or after Gish. heart"
Niall is so freaking cute j can't just imagine him sat there on his phone/laptop scrolling through all our tweets and laughing to himself
the 1st sentence i said at the til definitely wasnt in a Liverpudlian accent and i definitly didnt have to keep it for the whole transaction
@user haha dude it was mental\u002c by far easiest defensive driving course created. Yeah i heard thalia and caroline are coming thursday!
@user @user in the end this may have lasted longer than Iran deal
"My butt cheeks hurt and I love it! Yoga, lunges and squats lol might go back for round 2 of Yoga on Thursday...the positions we did&gt;&gt;&gt;"
"#4: CaseCrown Axis Flip Case (Black) for iPad 4th Generation with Retina Display, iPad 3 & iPad 2 (Built-in magn...
@user just saw your top 20 managers on ESPNFC,Martinez above Ancelotti and del Bosque?!  Also Rodgers at 7th? Im a LFC fan but wow"
It's time.  *sacrifies Dean Ambrose to the Outer Gods so @user 's soul may find rest.*
Claytons practice chat sessions 7pm Fri & Sat THIS weekend in @user Forums NEW chat room. Very relaxed. Join us! (if you're a Claytoneer)
@user Thanks for reminding me how fab I am. I may not have a Gucci bag but I have a neurologist, she's from Eastern Europe. I've arrived"
@user @user yes it is a song partly about Hillsborough\u002c my point is it was aimed towards Suarez on Sunday
I am honored to be celebrating 50 years of Grateful Dead music at the SF Giants game tomorrow night by singing...
"That's the ballgame, Texas loses 6-5. Tomorrow's game is a 7:05 first pitch, with David Price for Toronto against Colby Lewis for Texas."
@user @user  oct 13th in milan..ive seen this tour 5 times i love it like ive never loved a tour b4 !! #teampink lol
"Having complimented Peter Garrett yesterday for his suit, I fear he's worn the same one today. Hope it's the 2nd pair of pants. #qt"
Why take the elevator from the 1st floor of Pope to the 2nd? Why?
Alan Benjamin-n. @user Have you seen these inviting Katy Perry images? You may want to see:
"Nah. 1st Hulk Hogan is an open bigot, 2nd Meek Mill trashed the Undertaker music, and now another legend has died.
michelle obama would be a great president man just think about how she never sat on her ass while her husband was running
@user The 1st half goals was just to tell you how it is in premeirship.you really did your very best and #teamunited from Nigeria loves u
"Confirmed: Sam Smith is Doing the James Bond ""Spectre"" Theme Song (And We'll Hear it Tuesday Morning):
@user re Levein discussion on Wed. Can\u2019t keep changing boss\u002c but he is far too negative. Brazil gone\u002c new boss cud experiment.
[FACT]  Philippine ranked 1st place in the Top 5 countries with loudest scream of KPOP fan.
I want to rewatch naruto subbed I may soon
I did just remember that tomorrow does 1D comes to sweden for xfactor sweden!! I wish I could go...
Join us tomorrow from 9.30am to cheer on fundraisers abseiling down the Jurys Inn @user to support visually impaired people in Derbyshire
Jay-Z is the 2nd Most Overrated Rapper of All-Time behind Drake
@user Yes, but Mothers' Day comings from Mothering Sunday, doesn't it? Whereas Fathers' Day is just a sop to stop them complaining."
"Fri & Sat |Hyatt Regency Indian Wells, CA & Fitz KJJZ|102.3 FM . Come join us for the Grand Re-Opening Party in...
Bernie Sanders should win the democratic nomination easily. Living through his entire term if he wins, may be a different story.
Never understand people who keep Kanye West and the kardashians relevant. Kanye may be the biggest Moron ever.
@user you\u2019re better when we were talking black lacrosse players after we won our 3rd straight all state sugar bowl
They might as well drop the last Friday and let Ice Cube son play Craig niggas look jus alike
"Happy how the Capitol one cup results are coming through, we beat Chelsea tomorrow and you might aswell give us the cup? #MUFC"
Wednesday Apple reveals their new products...so u should set up an appt w/ your financial planner around the same time
IPod Accessories: TsirTech 15 Piece iPod classic, Accessory Bundle compatible with iPod Classic 120GB and New 7th...
I want Notre Dame to go to the National Championship but i want OU to win this saturday
Paul Crowder will be entertaining everyone at the LIthglo 15 Twilight Markets this Saturday at Queen Elizabeth...
@user from december 26th to january 26th. NYC until the 1st\u002c NC and then FL.
Prithviraj Chauhan defeated Ghori 2 times and left him alive.but the 3th time Ghori killed him. Rahul Gandhi caught 2 times by NDA . 3rd ?
@user I walked out and had trina d/c her....I\u2019ll have to fill u in Saturday....I wrote a full pg progress note about it
I've been left in the car park. May or may not be rocking out to AC/DC
"RT @user Final Destination 5? Pretty sure \""final\"" means the last one...not the 5th one."
If Donald Trump becomes President? I will leave the country. I'll come back but may visit a few foreign places while Americans still can.
@user @user Listen here hot stuff\u002c the only thing to look forward to in January is the Ravens run to the Superbowl.
Watch Kim Kardashian Support Kanye West While He Auditions for 'American Idol': Kanye West may be one of the m...
"No white T's, No ball cap. $500 CASH to the Women in the sexiest RED dress... Raffles for Moet Rose & a pair of Red Bottoms.  September 1st"
Jenna is gonna meet shawn tomorrow... And she's getting me a video JDKKFLF
Moto G (3rd gen) vs. Moto X Play specs: What's the difference?
Like I heard so many people complain about Kendrick's flow on TPAB but loved Black Friday. When he used the same EXACT flows in that.
Supreme Court rules against clerk in gay marriage case: The Supreme Court on Monday ruled against the Kentucky...
"Blanchett brilliant in 'Carol': (1 of ) The Weinstein Co. Cate Blanchett as Carol Aird, right, with Rooney Mar...
@user now, if Drake is a ghostwritten pawn, as insinuated, it may have come after he was dope a la Snoop Dogg. This may be overblown.
@user Well, they meant in the west. Or rather, they're just not making 1st party games for it. Because PS4 makes $$$"
@user *Faces pam ,Grabs Stuff * I'm stay the night with Shawn cya tomorrow !"
#PaperTowns #FanScreen the best night of my life was February 26, where I almost got to meet you, but I met lots of amazing people! (Digi)
"#11 John Isner has beaten #1 Novak Djokovic  7-6, 3-6, 7-6 in the BNP Paribas Open. Welcome to the world's top 10 #JohnIsner."
No need to mention Zayn here and create another drama. But fuck. What if it's the DMD MV fucckk
@user @user @user @user Coffee and Friday! It's a good day!
I hope tho hive will be fast to upload the video and audio of the performance tomorrow so I can have it on my ipod
Paul McCartney's daughter (Stella) and Ringo Starr's son (Zak) share the same birthday:  September 13th.
@user Dustin Johnson played it like the 4th round anyway, though"
Who was the best 'Saturday Night Live' host? Amy Schumer. 50% of voters agree with me.
At least it will make up for the SAT and the Gonzaga game
"So wait, Twitter decides if April lives or dies? It doesn't make sense... But then my husband reminded me this is Sharknado. #Sharknado3"
@user yes but we have lots of fun planned for Sat. James Martin will be on top form with Saturday Kitchen plus a big surprise TBA!
"Remember the \""""4th round prospect\"""" that made people question Iupati\u2019s ability at Senior Bowl? @user #Geno"
Cubs beat Giants 8-6 to take first 3 from San Fran! Kris Bryant hits 15th homer of the year!
The Facebook IPO Players Club: Reid Hoffman: ... today Who he is: Reid Hoffman is probably best known to you an ...
"So I find out that today, July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day and I've almost wasted the whole day with my ignorance. Smh"
"Sorry guys but I had a long day, I'll post the HQ pics of Niall and Liam tomorrow morning with the concert pics -M"
I'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow finally! AYYEE
"What time are Foo Fighters, Iggy Pop &amp; Royal Blood on stage at the National Bowl on Sat 5 &amp; Sun 6? | oneMK
"It's Thuuuuuursday and my bestie is arriving tomorrow, Antonio Carluccio shortly after that and then a fabulous event with Reiss on Tuesday!"
really sucks that if I didn't have school tomorrow I would've been able to see shawn tonight
GOLF VIDEO:Masters Champ & Ryder Cup cheerleader Bubba Watson lands in China for the 1st time & reflects on year
"Adams says he accepts finding in 'Slab' libel case against Sunday Times over his alleged role in IRA, as the case was heard by a jury (1/2)"
"Based on the @user review of The Paperboy, I am a little excited that Nicole Kidman may be hitting into a Sharon Stone phase."
The @user Soundboard may have been the best 69p i've ever spent
I wish I still had my iPod from ages ago. I had much better taste in music in the 8th grade
The Great New York State Fair starts on August 27 and opens with concerts by Everclear, Eric Church and Rick...
Going to see Magic Mike XXL may be the single best decision I have ever made in my life.
Does anyone want to come and see Paul McCartney with me in October?
Not feeling James Franklin right now tbh. 4th down wildcat isn't my style. Will wait for his recruits though bc that's what he's best at.
"Paul Dunne and Louis Oosthuzien par the 4th hole. Zach Johnson puts it close, has a chance to take the outright lead."
Does anyone want to help me win tickets to see Shawn in SanDiego tomorrow ?
Just some Where Did You Sleep Last Night by Nirvana (acoustic) because @user  may need it.
Skimmed it  May not LIKE the SCOTUS decision but it's THE LAW. No offense, but your Pope? Climate Change? seriously?
"MT @user #Syria, Deir Ezzor: Mohammed Al-Saleh was martyred due to the shelling of the city. Tuesday, 9 October.
That James Rodriguez goal just now may be the nicest goal Red Bull Arena has ever witnessed. What a talent.
Friday is the day I have been waiting for since Thanksgiving break was over #yes
Why are all the great tv shows on a Monday night? channel surfing between Fashion Star and the Voice US and the Olympics...too much choice
@user @user Dear Peter, trust me.... We know you mean well...btw Boko Haram, Food, Power, Education, Hospitals....C'mon"
How about a Day of Action and Meetups on Sat Oct 18th  with Jacqui Gingras  9:30 AM for Coffee @ Cafe Mazzega in #Lumby we'll be there :)
@user @user yea, but on the other hand, why was Briana attending the London concerts hangin out with his fam in September? :-)"
"C'mon, @user Rahul Gandhi has decimated the Congress, but you're still in the party #SoniaRahulHazirHo
I can\u2019t wait for the Heat game tomorrow; Heat vs Knicks!
"Hey Manila, it's Before You Exit, and we're inviting you, you, you to come see us at the Mall of Asia with our buddies The Vamps on Jan 30"
Here's the scoop: Sunday is National Ice Cream Day via @user I love the free ice cream for dogs!
@user You rest well, Jun! I hope everything gets resolved on Wednesday. I will direct Jean your way if I see him because he is Gay"
@user 7th December\u002c Masquarade Ball\u002c Night club 2 step\u002c Country 2 step\u002c Cha cha\u002c Waltz\u002c Hustle. Beverages and snacks provided!See you:)
"Ballroom dancing till 5 at school tomorrow, then Kpop on Saturday till 5, rehearsals at lunch times for mission day, &amp; grope dance at recess"
If you wanted to know who my woman crush Wednesday was yesterday take a wild guess. It was the amazing Demi Lovato.
Wonder if Chris Christie can cancel Valentine\u2019s Day and move it to April..Flowers are cheaper!
"You're going to ban straight to DVD Disney movies? \""""Aladdin 4: Jafar May Need Glasses\"""" 1 or 2? Umm... Hahahah #FamilyGuy"
@user Hi Elif  Greetings from USA midwest  How is school going?  Happy Turkish Republic Day!  I can\u2019t wait for Nov 8 #NewGlee Yes!
Huzzah and hurrah - we are doing a live webchat with Antonio Carluccio on Nov 27. Get your questions in now
What dreams forget, the whisky remembers. Kinda like molasses in late December, justa creepin'. - Eric Church.
A fine afternoon photographing the Pride parade on Saturday afternoon. #BeHappy #PrideGlasgow #Pride2015
David Sedaris at Winspear Opera House on April 23. Buy tickets before they go on sale to the general public tomorrow.
Pope simplifies Catholic marriage annulment: Pope Francis, making the most substantial changes to Catholic mar...
2013 NBA Draft: Chicago Bulls 2nd Round Pick could look to add international talent much like they did with Omer Asik and Nikola Mirotic
@user you could come and see the show!!! I'm playing Maite!!!!!!! It's showcasing at Loyola from November 28th to December 2nd
@user deron and Tyson Chandler... Brutal. Can't wait for lebron to stick the dagger in me tomorrow night
@user @user wife said ""That's little Keelan?"" I said ""yup, tomorrow he will be in his cap and gown!"" GR8 kid U2!"
I have discovered that Bobby's World has unlimited streaming on Amazon Prime. I may or may not be watching it while I'm on the bike.
Kim Hyung Jun - Football Team the 2nd A Match at YeongDeungPo-gu DaeRimDong [12.10.27] Credit : tlsxhah #8
So lucky that I\u2019m off college Tuesday\u002c Wednesday and Thursday next week when I\u2019m going watching Evanescence on Tuesday night :D
*Starts watching Keeping up with the Kardashians* *2nd episode and Kris Jenner hires Bree Olson THE PORNSTAR as their nanny* *done*
"Made vanilla fudge, tastes incredible, making chocolate but stopped cus it got late, finishing it tomorrow :D all for @user
"Hola Muchachas, Are you ready for a night full of Fashion, Fun and Beauty. This Saturday Nikki Beach Miami and...
@user all device build 14 tomorrow or official (WP,android,IOS) ? Hehe :P yay happy day for you ...
Roma boss Garcia demands more ahead of Juventus clash: Roma will attack Juventus from the outset on Monday (AE...
@user yeah honestly, going up to see my Gran plus my cousin got tickets for the edinburgh derby on Sunday. Yeah course you can"
#goosebumps on Friday as @user surged to his win and again yesterday as @user swept through Cap d'Agde in the Maillot Jaune
"I still havent set up my voicemail on my phone so tomorrow when I do it its gonna be like ""hey its -"" then its gonna cut to john cena"
"Arrived to beautiful sunshine in Milan, but thunderstorms predicted through Thursday/Friday/Saturday. Dry race at the moment. #F1"
Intimate showcase with Chris Rene - November 7 in Auckland. Can't buy tickets to this. Click the link to enter...
Hearing @user will be the main event vs Umberto Lucci (0-1) in Milan on Sep 26. @user on undercard. CW 250 pounds.
Sooo I didn\u2019t know the first Friday The 13th didn\u2019t have Jason in it.....
I\u2019m going to Geoff Tate at Backstage Live in San Antonio\u002c TX - Nov 21
Started the day listening to @user new iPhone reveal later and the #NFL is back tomorrow. Happy hump day!
The U.S. says the Boko Haram sect in north-east Nigeria may have benefitted from money gotten from crude oil theft
@user @user @user That way he will testify, otherwise he's said he will plead the 5th. This is finally a way to sink Hillary
'Josh Hamilton' appeared on Saturday 25 at the 18th place in the Top20 of United States's Trends: #trndnl
Rob Brantly did what  ALOT of White Sox have not been able to do. Runner on 3rd less than 2 outs and he brings him home with a sacrifice fly
@user you did an amazing job.....Can u fly to Indiana and sing to me for my birthday tomorrow
@user is going to be arriving at the @user tomorrow for the #UWEFreshers. Come and try Yoga for FREE!
United wanting to sign Neymar is like me wanting to marry Michelle Obama.. although the difference is I may have a chance
##$$## Black Friday Deals Samsung UN46ES7500 46 inch 240hz 1080p 3D Wifi LED HDTV Bundled with Samsung's BD-E6500 3D...
Eric Church for the 6th time tonight! This time it's acoustic only... Oh my god.
@user so glad I was the grand prize winner to see Zac Brown Band I can't wait til October :)
"Hey sugar junkies! Don't miss our Sugar Blues Workshop with Abbi Miller Holistic Nutrition + Yoga on Tuesday,...
@user 1/20th the pay of a typical CEO, nice.  Planned Parenthood still a non-profit.  Appendectomies kill appendixes.
@user @user @user Nick are you going to see Madonna on this tour. I'm going on September 28 in Chicago. I can't wait!
Rivera says RB Jonathan Stewart looked good in practice and is confident he'll play Sunday vs. Green Bay.
[chris Evans is the presenter of TFI Friday and they're being sarcastic in case you don't get British humour]
I am in a van with a group of cheerleaders singing/screaming an Ed Sheeran song.  How's your Friday night going?
Did you know that we are launching @user Tower Dwellers Gold on Android tomorrow in tandem with iOS?
Ted Nugent talks to us about #hunting and other stuff he\u2019s got on his mind @user this Saturday at 7am on the Great Outdoors\u002c #nuge
Zayn\u002c will you really take me there? Wherever that may be.
Kanye west and piers Morgan have the same weed dealer...
Now off for some hiking in the Black Forest ~ have a nice sunday! :)
"Kendrick Lamar - A Tale of 2 Cities [Black Friday] this is so good, I feel like smashing my head into the wall.
I'm soooooooo goin to my Chicago bulls game on Feb 1st against the nets. Epic!!!!!! I need a date though
Tennessee game Saturday with @user :)
I wish i could listen to kpop during the exam tomorrow
"Reminiscing the Day of Eid, in the beautiful city of Madinah... What a day it was! May Allah take us all to visit the Haramain. Ameen."
@user I know you're gonna rock the fan's tomorrow... why because you're Katy Perry #nocommet
Did you miss the College Workshop for Juniors tonight? Pick up the packet outside Room 101 tomorrow for all the info!
So Caitlyn Jenner may face man slaughter charges. He thought that the sex change would be easier for when she goes to prison
@user Bibles and guns. Obama was right the 1st time.
@user Krugman may like Trump but Jeb Bush is still the Democrat party choice for Republican nominee.
"Got your tickets? Christmas Stories Tour with @user @user Nov 29, Hot Springs, Ar, Crossgate Church! Tickets at @user
I feel bad for Camila after all..1st Ausmila for publicity (cus I don't believe that shit was real) now with Shawn.. Let the girl be in love
"Looking forward to seeing plenty of people out tomorrow, who are showing their respects at the Remembrance Service at Leeds Town Hall"
"THE HOBBIT TRILOGY may have been flawed, but Ian McKellan and Cate Blanchett are friends now, so it was all worth it."
Nothing like a bit of Iron Maiden to get you going on a Monday morning
@user you just get yourself right skip...  Milan in May
"I'd ask I anyone wants these issues of Rolling Stone from the mid-'00, but c'mon... There's nothing worth saving here. It's all kindling."
@user   first turkey Israel, Jordan then Palestine the birth of Christ 10th time twet blocks why JEWS?
@user @user It is TOMORROW. European PS4 players will get it the 9th, everyone else gets it tomorrow."
If @user holds the WWE Title until the Royal Rumble\u002c he will have held the title for 434 days. Making him the 6th longest reign...
Who's going to Jason Aldean and Kenny Chesney at Mile High on August 8th?
Sounds premature. Hope it's true: Boko Haram has been 'decapitated': Chadian leader - via @user
Samsung is prepping for Thursday when we'll see the Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 edge+ officially announced. In...
"Haven't seen 2nd half but James Rodriguez is something else.  Great display boys HALA MADRID!  Scrappy win for Milan too,but it's a win."
Rick Perry has stopped paying his campaign staff. Is this a sign he may drop out? #Stop #Sign
Win #3 for Bowyer. And for the 3rd time can't drive it to Victory Lane #NASCAR
@user I know!! I sat down I'm just like OHMYGOSH that's Peyton Siva
@user Yea I say\u002c mid January for a new single. Right in time for the superbowl& video at the end of January leading into SuperBowl
@user do it we can be out to dunkin tomorrow before practice
"After Monday's match against Seth Rollins, John Cena has officially earned my respect. Wrestling with a broken nose. Just... Wow!!!"
"Foo Fighters concert tomorrow. So in preparation, I'm in the gym working on those all important body parts.
Then everton will get the player from Barca on loan :)
"New wish time :) 12.00 he meets harry, liam, niall and louis and his surgery goes well
the 4th great ninja war in naruto is 11 hours long. later guys
Josh Hamilton pinch hit single! Venable to 2nd! DeShields at the plate! No outs! Let's go Rangers!
@user haha, @user are up and about! Will have fun at work tomorrow w the lions fans...Port got smashed too #goodtimes"
tomorrow is my last day as a full time shift lead at Dunkin. so I'm getting waterproof mascara. because there'll probably be water works.
@user so excited to meet and see you perform at Westfield Parramatta tomorrow
@user @user @user "and destroy Jeb Bush while I'm at it!" Though these same priorities may be reversed for all I know.
The Lazarus Effect will be tweeted tomorrow. It's Sharknado's night tonight
"Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah Monday said that he would discuss the issue of providing security to panchayat...
@user Salam imam Daayiee, happy belated Eid, may Allah bless you!"
Had a wonderful workshop on Thursday at SAG office with Carol Nadell of Selective Casting. She is such a...
Come check out the SMP ALLSTARS scenecity this friday\u002c 150 pine st ne atlanta 30308. SATURDAY  REGGAE party JETT LOUNGE 3701 clairmont ATL
@user she look like every other 6th grader with a Caitlyn Jenner jaw line
@user Can I please have a follow, I need someone to obsess with over AHS by Wednesday"
Sad scenes about Underoath splitting. Off to Newcastle tomorrow for the weekend. Try catch the #arsenal game too. @user if yr about
@user any advise on how to get U2 tickets for the 9th, need two GA?"
Biggest problem with UFC is that Dana White seems to feed sheep to lions for ticket sales. It's not exactly fixed but it may as well be.
PLEASE make sure safety is 1st that day. Justin WILL have a huge turn out so please dont let him get mobbed/injured.
Forbes highest paid women's athlete was Sharapova (11th yr straight) with 29.2 mil. Not hard to imagine Rousey topping that list one day.
@user #WeezerJKT #ROCKSTARMARYLIVE Beverly Hills, that's where I want to be! But not on Jan 8th because I want to be in Lap. D!"
@user @user Yeah, It's on netflix I think now. I still like the futuristic and action concepts even today."
Floyd Mayweather has confirmed that he will fight Andre Berto September 12th 2015.
Carly Fiorina enjoys hearing what you have to say and then bushes up for hrs on history to make herself look good
Maybe he'll run into some of those Zionists who hate Christians.
Looks like my return flight is scheduled for November 9\u002c of course it\u2019s subject to change. At least I\u2019m stranded in Jerusalem\u002c what a city!
Are you fucking stupid? You can't talk about sales when Mariah Carey outsold bey with her 3rd album please stfu damn
Sat waiting for the bus trying to beat my high score on Temple Run #justbecause
Just walking to the victor! Happy 21st birthday Lauren!
[the Sun daily] Obama signs executive order on paid sick leave: WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama signed a...
i agree with ice cube
No really Nicki may have been the only black female artist we saw tonight
"WTO members meeting as the General Council on 26 October 2012 have agreed to Laos joining the organization,...
@user the games over so flip it over to Sunday Night RAW to see the Undertaker take on JOHN CENA
@user @user They've done this every year. It's so fans go crazy and vote more to make sure they are 1st #MTVStars Lady Gaga
White Sox had the bases loaded with 1 out in the 3rd with Ljay Newsome in for Pablo Lopez &amp; Newsome gets the 4-6-3 double-play! M's down 2-1
Carly Fiorina most likely joining the primetime GOP debate. Bravo.
David Beckham scored a goal for parents Monday, striking back against all the critics who tell us they know how...
MN 99s Business meeting tomorrow at KANE 11am. RSVP to Patti and remember all the construction on 35W and 35E.
Bradley Wiggins with a ITT fitting a Maillot Jaune. British 1-2 for the stage. Also a Team Sky 1-2. Spartacus in 3rd.
