@user we have a request to play Girls Gone Wild at the party tomorrow!
He ran from the featherweight division, has Dustin Poirier ran off the stage yet now Conor McGregor is sat just feet away from him?
Fantastic! Sarah Palin demands that migrants to USA 'speak American'. Can't make this stuff up.
Love the way Floyd Mayweather only refers to himself in 3rd person
@user \""So amazing to have the beautiful Lady Gaga at the show in AC tonight. Love you girl.- Britney\"""
@user I am Hoping this spring.....maybe we could go see NJ at Frontier Festival in Milan .... April 24. We would rock it.  Xxx
@user one of the girls from @user is traveling to the game from Germany tomorrow! Help make her trip worthwhile!? :)
See preservation as it happens! Learn about the Kansas Question at Constitution Hall in Topeka on Friday.
Might see Jurassic World again tomorrow. It's the last day to see it and it's Ty's birthday so..
@user can we just skip our 3rd blocks tomorrow and go to sc and play please?!
"I CANNOT wait until college football! Sept 14th, flying down with my brother to the Florida v Tennessee game, it's gonna be titss"
#chrisbrown #health Islamic State fighters fled their last bastion in the center of Ramadi Sunday night as Ira...
National Ice Cream day is Sunday July 19th! We are ready to celebrate it on Thursday!!   We will be treating the...
We\u2019re going to be in the rose parade tomorrow with the other obedience club dogs! Lizzie will be wearing roses! :-)
@user but it's ok for sustained alarmist, biased and untrue general coverage from the Sun, Mail, Express, Sky and BBC?
"Wow, Twilight Princess HD is happening on the 4th of March?!"
"This is the 3rd time I've seen Gadafi in a long while, and every time he's with Tony Blair
@user The may have the best defense..but they still lost to the Packers
@user @user although I deliberately choose my Moto G 3rd generation because it had one. Great link, BTW."
"serious question, does Niall ever see the sun?"
Happy 22nd Birthday my sunshine @user . Love you more than Niall loves golf daddy ..
@user Sounds good. So would Queen's Birthday holiday and Labour Day holidays then be on the following Tuesday? It's only fair
@user a follow-on guess might be that if you are female, with an iOS device, visiting the site, you may have more disposable income?
@user Everything ok Curtis? That's the 5th time you followed and unfollowed me....one more time and ......
@user ya but my dad is most likely taking it to San Fran tomorrow :/
#NowPlaying Queen - Cool Cat (2nd take with David Bowie)
Jazz Is Dead - A Jazz Exploration of the Grateful Dead comes to the Music Hall on Friday 8/21. Celebrating the...
Rick Perry &amp; Bobby Jindal, for all their trying, couldn't even make the 1st debate over Ben "You can catch homosexuality in prison" Carson.
@user Think they put him number 3/4 These Sky Sports Pundits are pro Barca,  spent ages talking about Messi's win on Thurs.
@user Beohner \""got 98% of what he wanted.\""  Fact: Dow down 634 today and Boehner OWNS every point. #p2 #fok #maddow #teaparty"
UCLA game with Malcolm Saturday:D
Just packing for a weekend in Liverpool and the small matter of a marathon on Sunday. First up though...Blackpool Illuminations!
@user I'm buying it tomorrow! Along with the new Iron Maiden!!! #GotYourSix #TheBookOfSouls
"Apart from the 4th inning mastery by David Price, the best part of the game was my boi Gregg Zaun going OFF on Yordano Ventura."
Dustin Johnson and Sunday's just don't work together
Former Bristol White Sox pitcher James Casey with 3 catches for 30 yards on Saturday for #Broncos in preseason game. @user
@user I want her so bad...... ohhh, in Melodifestivalen you mean? Yes yes, but that will never happen. Netherlands was 15th :')"
@user @user Unfortunately not! But we are promoting I'll Give You the Sun at Paper Towns screenings today.
"Hoping the weather stays nice today, as I'm delivering cakes to offices in Derby. Look out for the cake basket!
"S/o to the ones taking their OGT tomorrow, stay focused & get that bitch passed."
Allstar game weekend in Texas for the 21st bday.....oh yea
Katy Perry was all smiles&amp;#160;when she&amp;#160;headed out for a Broadway show Wednesday night in New York City.&amp;#160; The singer wore a
GM sat slide down big bangs #JAYZ will be in the building
September 5th 1979 the Grateful Dead performed at NYC's Madison Square Garden (audio)
@user you may or may not see this but if you do can i please get a RT/follow i love you!! #justsaying :)
"I want (and above all I NEED) to see Spring Breakers. I'm slowly dying because of waiting it to be released. Please, release it TOMORROW,"
@user  I want to see Bruan Strowman vs Brock Lesnar on Smackdown this Thursday
I told my dad I'm going to see messi on Tuesday , and he called me a bastard cuz he can't go
"Fuckin ""Briana updates"" bitch u may as well start an update account for your shit you so interested in some fake ass ""baby mama"""
Summer is BUSY! Saw Ant-Man with super heroes LilF and @user Tomorrow Minecraft with @user and @user
I can't even explain how excited I am for Calibraska. Like I don't know if I can wait through tomorrow for it.
@user tony romo just called me. He said he got a restaining order on you. Guess you can't go to the game on Thursday.. Sucks.. #tried
"1965 @user fall again to Chicago, as Horlen blanks them on 3 hits. Only 3rd time Twins are blanked, and White Sox now just 5.5 out.  9/5/65"
"David Cameron is a nasty man. This is the 2nd time I've read that George Osborne was decent to MPs who lost their seats, but Cameron wasn't."
@user babe give me the link to THSK official site where I can see their may schedule
The Heat are playing the 3rd quarter so fast and free that Game 5 is starting to look like the NBA All-Star Game. #NBAFinals
@user did they have Brock lesnar shirts at the live show on Sunday?
@user @user Thor: What a pussy. Other God's have universes, Thor gets a measly day of the week ""Thursday"" #meh"
My mom changed the channel in the bottom of the 9th to the Food Network and I missed Kris Bryant's walk off. She sleeping outside tonight.
Murray or Allen starts the 2nd half? #TAMU
Never knew Moebius though. Looked like a cool artist! Why do all the great artist always die in March?!
So I'm ready to make more progress in Dark Souls NG-NG+99...we'll kick off tomorrow's stream with NG+86 Chat Chosen Weapons 2pm EDT!!!
Thursday Night Football on CBS College Sports live from Walton Stadium - put your black on and get the red out!
"Watching some crap called ""Big Brother"". Okay. I may have been out of the loop for some time now but,... WTF!!"
#tbt WWA Concert back in August. Best day of my life!
"On the bright side, a liveeee episode of naruto comes out tomorrow"
Due up for #Nats in the bottom of the 5th:  Werth (0-2, .225)  Rendon (2-2, .268)  Harper (0-2, .334)
"on the other hand, i'm 1/7th of the way done with naruto's manga"
@user @user WOW!!  our only way for chg, VOTEIf for no other reason do u want Hillary or Donald to pick, what may b 2 SCOTUS?
"1st time I'm following a GOP presidential primary closely. Doing it now because of WI's infamous governor and probable felon, Scott Walker."
I\u2019m happy my 1st showing is at 3pm today... Ritz Carlton... Let\u2019s sell it! #TomiRoseTeam
Ok time to check back in with tennis - Isner and Federer heading into a 2nd tiebreak
"Between College football, Big Brother, and Impractical Jokers tomorrow night I'm not gonna be able to leave the TV."
@user <U>Wake Up Fox, not going there>W Bush years, Dennis Kucinich speaks @ DNC on Aug. 26, '08 WAKE UP AMERICA
For our Wednesday morning we have one from the 60's starting us off..  Bee Gees with Kitty Can
@user I teach my class to count in pennies at first. I may be part of the problem.
I think I may have popped my ear drums and a vain in my head from singing along to Fleetwood Mac very loudly down the parkway #noregrets
@user im going up to Berkmar tomorrow
Dad: what are you going to do in Athens tomorrow? Me: Nothing. Dad: Oh. Ok. Have fun.  I like my Father.
Found High School Musical on Netflix...may or may not be watching it. Wish you were here @user
@user Thanks to ESPN now coming free with Sky, got to see full Dortmund game yesterday. Wow, there's a team going places."
@user may not be my first choice for president, but I'm voting for him if he's nominated. At least he's better than Hillary
"Just got the call the magazine is ready for pickup get your copy at the \""""Hands That Heal Fashion Show\"""" Nov 4th Mr. Reggie 404-246-9582"
Starting to make David Beckham and James Bond look uncool.
"For the 2nd straight week, the Worst Start of the Week goes to @user after starting Russell Wilson (10 pts) over Phillip Rivers (25 pts)"
@user oh nice!! You should come to our show at The Lair on Dec 1st with Heroes For Hire, Masketta Fall, Forever Ends Here and WSTP! :)"
@user The first and the Last crap on this planet right is you Seth Rollins and on Sunday WWE Universe will get rid of this ""CRAP""."
"By Martyn Herman ST ANDREWS, Scotland, July 18 (Reuters) - More than 24 hours after Dustin Johnson began his second round at the"
Most annoying twat ever! But she brought Dunkin so I may just talk to her today...
Briana added tons of shit from Sunday work day
1st gen iPad mini still going strong. Love that little guy.
"Big Brother Facts ... BB7 was All-Stars, and @user won the 1st ever OTEV Competition #BB17
"I felt like a kid last Thursday (6 days ago). I walked into Slackers, came out with 25 CDs and wow! I felt like I...
"What's going on with your 3v3 1nD on PS4? I have church to attend tomorrow fam, hurry up. @user
How Donald Trump may make Ted Cruz president via @user
sam smith tonight hoping tomorrow's gonna be a better day :)
New series of Greys Anatomy starts on 07 November - one good thing about winter is the return of the best US shows! #nightsinfrontofthetelly
August 30: Selena with Taylor Swift &amp; the Bad Blood cast on the red carpet of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards #1
@user hi! Yeah me too ;D And yes\u002c I\u2019m from Poland and I\u2019m 16. I\u2019ll see new episode in the Friday evening. Can\u2019t wait tomorrow ;3
It still hasn't hit me yet that tomorrow is Steelers & Ravens day.
Who wants to meet the Bulls tomorrow got tickets. Let me know ASAP!!! #free
@user the 29th and 30th of December! When I'm in Korea I'll find out which hotels I'm staying at and let you know!
What a quality result that was beating Barca away.Good memories. Now the future and beating the Manc scum on Saturday.
I\u2019m talking all types of shit now....cause the Celtics may be 0-1 but the Lakers 0-2 LMAOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
David Bowie Night on Sky Arts tonight and tomorrow. #tvguidetweet
It seems the rest of my life may just be convincing people to watch Ant-Man with me.
They're making a 5th Jurassic Park. If this continues, eventually we'll all get what we really want. Dinosaurs in space.
FRIDAY NIGHT LIVE! We are going to a Maulers Game! Meet at MVC at 6:30\u002c bring $5 + fastfood $ + funds to buy CaseyFace some chocolate pie...
Sunday's matches certainly more than made up for all the 'excitement' that Saturday sputtered through beginning with the Merseyside Derby.
"Thanks to Moomba, I've been cruising wi the Medicare since April 2011. Today I decided to finally go get it done! #abouttime"
@user wow your the 1st person to mention that today ha"
Some balance on Watchman from Hadley Freeman in the guardian -
M/T arliehartman: b10w john played a song with the Foo Fighters on Thursday night. It was great!
Im so upset i dont get to see shawn on tuesday like hes my everyythingg(besides nash cam and twins) and im just really sad:(
Who going to Jouvert tomorrow ?
@user @user it's easy when your blue !!!!!!! Hope the toon beat the SMB tomorrow
Late upload from the Bears game Sunday #beardown @ The Georgia Dome
@user who shld take the credit Kejriwal or Rahul Gandhi or now may b Nitish
@user We'd be happy to help Chelsea! Please tell us more about what's going on so we may better assist. ^RoannaD
I hope someone blesses me with Justin Bieber tickets before March
"I wonder if the Bella Twins will be at Teen Choice tomorrow since they're nominated. Probably gonna lose to Rousey, though."
@user I'm sitting here with my belt, in jean shorts watching Cena win his first title. I think we tie for 1st my friend xD"
@user there was a particular scene where Danladi sat in the bush with Afolayan's character. They just kept talking and talking.
"Sunday is National Ice Cream Day, but we have the best creams minus the calories #constantcontact
"Me: \""""Little early for Ash Wednesday isn\u2019t it?\"""" Stranger: \""""That\u2019s a birthmark!\"""""
Who would make a better 1st lady of the US? RETWEET for Melania Trump ignore for michelle obama @user
FIFA will look into the case tomorrow. Both Man United and Real Madrid are pushing for the move to happen.
Hey FB, my brother in this movie with Snoop Dogg!   Happy Wednesday!!  Enjoy!!
Federer will be 2nd seed at @user if he wins this. Djokovic aiming to become 1st player to win all 9 Masters 1000 tournaments #CincyTennis
Kim Kardashian has waited until the 6th month mark to make a HUGE announcement about her pregnancy!
@user @user  You may be right. However, Lincoln didn't listen to the SCOTUS when they said black people were not humans.
@user now that the attitude of a real winner. Hey\u002c Justin Biebers manager may just be looking to sign you ...
"This is where it all began. Pictures from the 1st Human Library held at Roskilde Festival, Denmark on July 4,...
@user hey Niall its my 16th birthday tday.. so if u wouldnt mind jst favoriting this. it would mean a lot. Hope u have a great day.
Brock Lesnar's the best thing going in wrestling.   There's not even a close 2nd.
"Kind of want to go to yoga, kind of want to stay here and watch Freaky Friday"
"Hero, anti-hero: one in the same? Go Set a Watchman out tomorrow. American Masters @user
Thank you all that came to my channel to watch some Batman failure action tonight. I will be back tomorrow maybe sunday.
"November 1st, entire Italy is taking day off to celebrate my birthday! :) It's Ognissanti (All Saint's Day), and...
No. The Sox sucked in May.  But I wish the Red Sox had played like this in April-June.
"I got Reggie Wayne in the 4th, then worked it and got Miles Austin in the 5th"
I am so confused by this David Bowie musical. Is it really done forever after Jan 20th? Or will it be back for a full run???
"Emma Stone in Miu Miu dress at Paris Fashion Week show, matching umbrella and lippie we applaud you! via @user
@user  Nobody knows if DRose will have the same game ever again when he does return.  March seems awfully optimistic to me...
@user black Friday by Kendrick is love. Thank you
And that's the kind of life it's been. Lloyd Robertson signs off Sept 1: via @user &lt;-- He'll be missed!
"Gary Barlow, Wayne Rooney, Sir Alex Ferguson, Lionel Messi, James Arthur, Geordie Shore Cast, Ant and Dec, Emile Sande and the rest"
please can someone remind frank ocean that it's now July 68th and we  have yet to receive a new album?
Don't know the Arsenal's history and don't understand anything about football. Impressive...
Today we get the specs on the iPhone 6s. Will I be buying a Note 5 this Friday or pre ordering a 6s? Possibly both?
"#FFF Favourite Film Friday... """"Jack the Bear"""" (1993). A young boy learns that real horror does not necessarily always come from Halloween!!!"
@user listen to J Cole - Black Friday , till the very end. He hints it. &amp; Kendrick - Black Friday too."
On Tuesday (November 6) Tune in to my channel at 7 (CST) to chat with me live on GoogleHangouts and get your Spanish questions answered! :-)
It\u2019s so early here in Germany\u002c my American friends are just now getting drunk. Off to Prague\u002c knuckleheads! Talk to you on Sunday! #CzechRep
Why you may soon be sitting front row with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West:
"Like, we're going to see Paul McCartney IRL, tomorrow???!!!"
@user @user Lowering the rims may be the one thing that will turn me OFF to WBB. My attraction to WBB over NBA is fundimentals
"ffs Louis is the fucking sun, Niall is holding his damn guitar, Liam is the only one singing seriously &amp; no one knows wtf Harry's doing"
MLB News: David Wright Returning to New York Mets on Monday to Face Philadelphia Phillies: Much to the dismay ...
@user was it friday by rebecca black????
Floyd Mayweather announces he will face Andre Berto on September 12 at the MGM Grand Las Vegas.
a group of little kids acting out the first ever Black Friday is this going to be rdj &amp; chris evans acting it out
You know you're having a good time when you play Nirvana full blast in the office after hours and dance like there's no tomorrow. #mflpogo
@user Idk, seems like there r plenty of Rousey fans &amp; not just in the US. They may not be UFC fans but they'll pay big $$$ 2 see her."
"I may need to fact check, but I'm pretty sure that Kendrick is only the 2nd rapper to have his 1st 2 albums nominated for AOTY."
"Check out the replay of @user from Tues as we talk Rousey, CFB Playoff predictions, and our NFL team previews right now &amp; all day!"
"[http://t.co/2iAIexuu4u]  Mets' David Wright on stretch run: 'I'm going to enjoy this'  (Mon, 7 Sep 2015
I like Sharknado but I don't like the April character
Monica Vernon and Pat Murphy - rivals in Democratic primary for Iowa's 1st Congressional - are both at CR picket with Bernie Sanders.
Going to shut the gov't down over Planned Parenthood, Tom?
Oh shit Nicki and Mikey gone be in the same room tomorrow I wonder if Mikey gone talk all that shit then #VMAs
I just found Quest for Camelot on Amazon Prime. My Sunday afternoon is complete
You say it's not a right. SCOTUS says it is. Constitution says we follow SCOTUS. Fucking done!
Hittin up brothers tomorrow night prob make me feel gucci
"What was the running bet? I would get A tramp stamp of Stoops face if we won Saturday??? Yall would each give me a grand if we lost.,."
"Kendrick Lamar got 11 Grammy nominations, and @user got a piping hot chocolate. Tomorrow's first bell trivia will be about movies."
"If tickets are still on sale next paycheck, somebody needs to come see Zac Brown Band at the Nationals Stadium on the 14th #JekyllnHydeTour"
"Our latest show: Prince George's 2nd Birthday, Danish Royal Family, &amp; Our 5c worth on the Republic debate #np...
21 November 2012- 22 prisoners aligned with IRA group that killed prison officer David Black ended their 18 month protest at Maghaberry
"Princess Charlotte may have stole the show, but we just can't handle how adorable little prince George is!...
Sunday is National Ice Cream Day. BUT ... we think it's fine to celebrate early.
#nowplaying U2 - Bullet the Blue Sky - New York - July 31 2015 - #U2Radio #U2LiveConcerts
An hour afternoon nap in Hype Park though the first half of the football in the sun... Nice!
Siri vs. Google Voice Search- may the best robot helper win @user
The Kitchen Cafe 26 Sept 12. Antonio Carluccio talks about the recipes that form the touchstones of his life....
@user I'm hoping to win the Apple Watch. I know you draw tomorrow. Please pick my name. #USANAUnited
RT @user -- Michael Jackson - Remembering June 13th #OnlyMJFansUnderstand i love you michael jackson
Tomorrow morning I'm going to IHOP I gotta taste for pancakes
@user So glad I got to meet you in the flesh last Friday @user for Soundboard!
Persistence is like: Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest. #fitnessmotivation #fitness #gymtime
@user As our CS team have explained the last shipping date for delivery to Saudi Arabia was December 3rd
Curtis Painter's finally going to get a shot tonight.  I can't help but root for that guy!
"Sam Smith on twitter talking about the end of his tour. He better be in Raleigh, come October 6."
Hey Daryl! Great connecting at Anti #Fracking Colorado. Excited to have you in next issue. Deadline is Nov 15th. @user
@user Work tomorrow, Niall so that Friday feeling just isn't there today. Booo"
With school starting tomorrow I'm gonna be missing out on so much with Zayn this makes me so sad
T-BLUE joined the memorial service of the Great East Japan Earthquake at LOGOSLIFE CHURCH on March 10th.
"AS Roma announce that midfield maestro De Rossi will hold a press conference in the Eternal City, at 3pm tomorrow. #MCFC"
I liked a @user video Ricky Gervais talks 10th Anniversary The Office with Brad Blanks in New York City
I'm starting to think Kane may just be a one season wonder.
"Martin stupid \""""1st notice\u002c 2nd notice\u002c a don\u2019t let me catch your ass in the street notice\"""""
"Seriously, you's fault is that Alonso doesn't have his 3rd (and possibly 4th) WDC yet?? I am sure we all know the answer."
So has Seth Rollins chances of retaining the title just increased or decreased? The world may never know... until Night of Champions
Khader Adnan waving a Palestinian flag as he is welcomed in his village of Arraba\u002c in the West Bank. April 17th. #Gaza
"Sooooo """"Out of the Woods"""" may have just turned me into a Taylor Swift fan, much like """"Closer"""" got me to finally hear Tegan &amp; Sara."
MSNBC: The NFL season kicks off Thursday night and Tom Brady is set to be on the field:
Tuesday Treats - All About KPop with ThisKPopGuy: via @user
Oh wait if George Osborne gets shipped out to space on the B ark from Douglas Adams\u2019 book\u002c he\u2019s going to demand an upgrade to 1st class...
"I like that there's no messing around in Sharknado, just action. You don't even have to wait 10 mins for the 1st sharky sequence! #OhHellNo"
@user you are in the bestest of places, no doubt! May your children become the bestest humans and Muslims and"
Kim Kardashian's body. I would break things and push people with my huge ass butt.
On today (July 23) in 1988 Nirvana play at The Central Tavern in Seattle. There were about 12 people in attendance.
Can Silicon Valley Re-Charge Solar Energy?: Silicon Valley innovators Apple and Google may be the best hope left...
@user I think the thought of Styled To Rock being on tomorrow evening is going to get me through school tomorrow :')
@user we'll see when he scores the winner against you and is off to Man Utd with Kane in January. Enjoy Adebyor x
@user So, you didn't show up at Zac Brown Band last night. :( If you are there tonight or tomorrow, then...well...we're in a fight"
That 2nd half was shit LA didnt deserve to win it Vancouver played tough and didnt deserve to be screwed by the ref
"Don't miss How to Bake a Man with @user Google Hangout Saturday, October 18th, 3:30 pm PST. @user
Bring it on Willard Mitt Romney! Let me hear those ZINGERS!!  HAPPY 20th Wedding Anniversary to President Barack...
I really hope Apple weighs a cup of nuts on the iPhone 6S (9th Generation iPhone)
"REMINDER:  Daylight Saving Time ends Sunday, November 4.  Turn clocks BACK 1 hour Saturday night.  See you Sunday."
SBS : Emails will start going out tomorrow. Thank you\u002c everyone\u002c for your patience!
Joe Biden: run for presidency dependent on my 'emotional energy'   He want us to clap for him or something?
Sad thing as I learned Easter is on March 27th. Most of my friends will be gone when Batman v. Superman comes out. I wanted to go with them
It only took 5 days for them to fix the broadband outage. China Telecom may be improving.
"Niggas is goin die on December 26th when them foams come out .. lol rs .. niggas goin rob you & be like \""""da shoes or ya life nigga\"""" lol"
Updated #PackinSpain blog with some stat totals\u002c like Lorenzo Brown and C.J. Leslie with double-doubles:
what did you want from these much Muslims while you can kill yourself oh enemy of Muslims! May Allah destroy you oh Yazidis Christians Jews!
Lexus said it may be 2-3 more months before I can take my car to the dealer for the recall on fixing the...
So happy David Wright is coming back tomorrow!!! Hopefully he an stay off the DL. Another big bat in the lineup!!! #WrightTime #LGM
"Just finished watching Sharknado 3. It was so silly that it was decent, especially the ending. Can't believe they're making a 4th one now!"
had such an epic night. gonna pay for it tomorrow when Raw hits Newcastle.  #WWE #RAW
@user it's decent, I still feel like Chris brown has the best Tuesday remix lmao
Arsenal may have made a slow start to the Premier League season, but Arsene Wenger's men are clearly looking to pick up the pace.
"To honor Norman Reedus' black cat he adopted, EITD And Monday is Mingus bday.lets make monday adopt a black cat day.
@user I'm talking about what happened between Hyung Jun and U-KISS. Some KissMe accuse us of disrespectful
Kenya Powerites\u002c may all thy respective spouses cheat on thee for denying me a rerun of the El Classico.
"If you google \""fresh prince costume\"" I\u2019m the 3rd picture!"
@user hope you have a nice day tomorrow at MetLife :)
"Pinoy Big Brother celebrates it's 10th year on air! Happy 10 years, PBB! #PBB10years"
#WEB YouTube improves upload process with optional notifications and new tags editor: Google on Thur... #TOPSTORIES
I got two tickets VIP to Ed Sheeran tomorrow at the American Airlines arena. Hmu if you want them
Just remember...the WWAT isn't over until Sunday evening ;)
My 2nd favorite in the Brazilian NT and sa Chelsea pd. Happy Birthday @user :D And sa uban pa naa sa lista  mehehe
@user would you PLEASE let us know when the iPhone 6s will be available for purchase? Hoping before the 17th of September. Thanks!!
@user that may be true, but Reagan did not increase the defect to THIS EXTENT. This is absurd. You and I both will be paying"
Today is #NationalTequilaDay!! That may rank right up there with National Ice Cream Day. Let's celebrate!!
So sad to hear about Pavol Demitra & the other KHL players' tragic passing in the plane crash today. Absolutely terrible news.
"Duck Day is tomorrow in Greenhead, (near Haltwhistle) come and see the Five Ring Circus perform at a Village fete with difference! 1pm - 4pm"
Scirea: leader, champion, gentleman. Juventus celebrates the life of a true great on the 26th anniversary of his...
Marquis of Vaudeville will be performing some of your fav David Bowie gems mingled with our own musical mischief!
"We're going to a 4th set!! Murray just dominated that tiebreak, wins it 7-2. He's pumped up now!! #USOpen2015 #Murray"
"hi Nicki u famous n I know, but ama keep it short. I love u dearly, though u n d world may think am crazy cos De say I write blindly."
WWE Fans glad thank you @user @user  Sting vs. Seth Rollins John Cena vs. Seth Rollins  Good Luck Sunday Sept 20!
@user the pieces that made the Fall show will be posted on the MPAC FB page\u002c Twitter & posted up in the Murphy Center tomorrow!
seeing the Foo Fighters September 25th would be ideal
Bad Blood may have the absolute worst lyricism I've ever heard in my life (regarding Taylors parts) #UsedtobeMadLove #ReallyDeepCut
(Native) America day is coming up next Thursday! @user and I are going all out. #JoinTheTribe #MySoulisNative
@user @user She won impressively with Bobby Jindal 2nd.
See you guys tomorrow at SM STA. ROSA! I\u2019ll be performing for SM Cyberzone grand launch event :)
@user CP24 reporting...the sir paul McCartney tickets for the October Toronto show go on sale at 11am EST...get them while u can...
@user You missed a beast of a show on Saturday night with Foo Fighters.
It's WAXX New Music Tuesday!  This morning we're featuring the brand new song from Zac Brown Band called...
Fierce fighting erupts between Chadian army and Boko Haram: Heavy fighting pitted the Chadian army on Monday a...
@user people are no longer in the dark, SM has changed the political landscape forever! Hillary can't hide anymore
@user @user @user @user :If she's like Michelle Obama that may not be true?
I'm going to see Paper Towns tomorrow with Kelvin and his friend who roped him into going And he roped me into it Fun
I said, "Whoo!" like Ric Flair, and I'm off on Wednesday, so it's finna be a #TurntUpTuesday WHOO!
"Biu was on Friday reinstated and statutorily retired by the PSC, 3yrs after dismissal for aiding the escape of Boko Haram, Kabiru Sokoto."
Jailbreaking iOS Devices May Not Be The Best Idea: Security vulnerabilities in the iOS can rarely be... #security
@user just remeber nothing is set in stone they may have won a small victory but we will end Islam's game you Know as well as I.
Hulk Hogan says sorry for racist remarks caught on tape: Legendary wrestler Hulk Hogan issued an apology Friday after the National En...
"Hi im Kate,on the 4th pic she's my internet besfriend, i want to live in Niall's ass so i can go w him pay golf
Book your private jet flight to Vegas to see Floyd Mayweather v Andre Berto on September 12th at the MGM Grand...
Morning Twitterites! Goal: By 5pm Friday\u002c want to see MSM report on Benghazi\u002c and Obama below 42% in polls. HAMMER IT HOME\u002c PATRIOTS!
Centre suffering from \u2019policy paralysis\u2019\u002c alleges Jayalalithaa: Jayalalithaa on Tuesday charged the UPA governme...
@user Aged under 26 and keen to become a foreign correspondent? Apply for the Marie Colvin scholarship
Kendrick Lamar may (or may not) have brought out the best (or worst) of me.
<Tech News> Apple's iPhone event: Join us Wednesday (live blog) The Lam Research Theater at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San Fr
David Price vs. Luis Severino should be pitching matchup for #BlueJays #Yankees series opener Thursday. You might want to watch.
Black tacks on another run in the 4th courtesy Leiff Clarkson's RBI triple. Black in front of Red 3-0 Bottom 4
"So I checked this out on the Google, today is... 'Thor's Day!' How much better is that than Thursday?"
@user lol I\u2019m in Laguna hills\u002c but ima be in L.A & Hollywood all day today & tomorrow .
"In case you need any ideas for National Ice Cream Day on Monday, we're just gonna put this picture riiiiiiight here.
LIR launch event tomorrow. Come out to show support &amp; catch Curtis as he speaks on his goals for Life Is Respond.
Want to speed up your sharing? Automate a few things from your iOS device? Workflow may be the solution.
Turkish police raid media group critical of Erdogan: Turkish police on Tuesday staged a major swoop on the Ank...
!!!!!!!! RT @user It's definitely going to be a good week when the Broncos make it to the Super Bowl..... #barf #monday"
Currently celebrating the 20th anniversary of Clueless and National Ice Cream Day. Be still my heart!
Frank Gifford past away 08/09/15. Helping to light up the camaraderie on Monday nights was only a part of what he'll be remembered (next
You can't make this up. Dustin Johnson starts his round with a snowman 8 quadruple boget on the 1st.
An incredible day in West Liberty\u002c Ky. A small but strong community moving forward after March 2 tornadoes.
@user 3 grown adult males watching Kung Fu Panda 2. On 2nd thought it would be awkward anywhere but HK, land of \""Murses\"""
Police: you have the right to remain silent. what ever you say may be hel against you Me: Harry Styles
@user  supporting AAPL in NYC 5th ave store wife n her friend each bought an Apple Watch plus the place is packed. Business is booming
@user CNN has a definite bias, they aren't reporting Carly Fiorina moving into 3rd place in IOWA on CNNPOLITICS, something going on?"
[ESPN Video] K. Murray run for 23 yds for a 1ST down:  Kyler Murray run for 23 yds to the ArzSt 36 fo... #TexasAM
"#TodaysJoke Prince George's 2nd Birthday, official photos have been released.   The Suns show the Queen pointing to balloons on the walls!"
"27 December 1997- Just hours after Billy Wrights death, the LVF retaliate by killing ex IRA prisoner Seamus Dillon
@user @user @user @user #tbt My 1st Ducks game, only took 15yrs to get there! Best day EVER!
Maya Rudolph performs Prince songs  at Brooklyn Bowl this Thursday night 9/20\u002c backed by the Roots!
"Also this: Multiple sources told me the Red Sox did confiscate signs in support of Orsillo at Fenway last Monday, despite denial from Sox."
@user @user Does practice of ALMAJIRI in d north make it ISLAMIC. MUSLIMS may at times not practice ISLAM
@user is she on the people\u2019s choice ballot? I\u2019ve only looked at Castle categories. But may have to venture out...
@user @user @user In the moment Kurds do may be what Erdogan wants, but AKP is responsible f. killing civilians
"Listening to the new @user album. If you like old-school Nirvana, NIN &amp; general gig mayhem, don't miss them at @user Sun,9.30pm."
Mansbridge destroyed Justin tonite the polls for the lib's should tank tomorrow! Wake up people he is NOT ready!!
"Everyday I'm like """"shit is it the 17th yet!? Did I miss the Kiryu project!?"""" &gt;&lt;"
"WASHINGTON -- Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) unveiled his health care plan on Tuesday,&amp;#160;promising to do on day one of his presidency"
Book a Florida package with us by 31 October &amp; get a free Disney soft toy
Vinny from ICONic Boyz may have leave the group but he will still be in all ICONiac's heart.                                (Love you Vinny)
Make Sure To Come To The Bob Jones Game Friday! Free Hot Dogs\u002c Hamburgers & Food outside the gate! & watch Bob Jones take on Austin High!
Its done! My brother just got married...we turnin up at jett lounge tonight and at grannys house tomorrow
"With his upcoming new album ""Blackstar"" out in January, David Bowie has shared a teaser for the short film to...
if the retaliation to Friday is more destruction can we at least have tony blair tried for the war crimes he committed
@user @user looks like we will be headin the charleston again, jan 4 WINTER JAM!"
Mavs couldn\u2019t withstand the 3rd quarter by the Jazz. Maybe a little fatigue from a back to back? #WorkToDo
#SaudiCoalitionDividingUmmah  If today it's Iran tomorrow it can be Pakistan  Don't let America win by its divide and rule again
@user @user  Super Duper Excited...I want Bilawal to take on Modi as well tomorrow
"It's nice and sunshine here at The Kee Resort today, you may know it from the looks of these orchids near the...
@user I think I may have to make Kris Bryant my Best Man now.
See my Sunday Times article on Sam Smith doing Spectre months ago which he blatantly denied!
I hope that tomorrow I will wake up with justin bieber in my stocking
"Since Stan 1st grandslam, he's lost all 4 matches against Murray #USOpen Surely going to be a great match up for Stan !!"
Wish FIFA would make league results and tables a bit more realistic. Man Utd in relegation zone after 15 games and Aston Villa in 2nd.
Wishing everyone a happy Saturday. Our song for today is....  Bee Gees with I Could Not Love You More
@user Kane and bentaleb were always gonna breakthrough, too talented not to, Bentaleb should be 4th choice with class in front of him"
@user @user Theophrastus (371-287 BC) wrote about cabbage. Will read more to see who may have written about Monsanto.
"Do more with less, George Osborne says with talk of 40% more cuts. You do less with less and guess who suffers?"
Jason Varitek may return to Boston for job with - Flash Player Installation
If Murray loses this 2nd set I'm pretty sure he won't win this.
@user Dublin this Saturday... Gotta get on the Guinness!!
@user Look for a live version of """"Just Older"""", it's one of my favorites. And if they play """"Blaze of Glory"""" in July, I'll die. &lt;3"
Here's the coverage map for ABC-TV's telecast of Saturday's ISU game against Oklahoma which kicks off at 11 am CT.
Some concept art done by the late Ralph McQuarrie. May the force be with you.
The Best of the Grateful Dead [3/30] Grateful Dead (2 CD, Mar-2015, 2 Discs) NEW
@user i got one offer ""Airtel Double Data Offer with Moto G (3rd Gen.) for 3G/4G Customers"" on flipkart, so haw can i avail this."
Michael Jackson was the man, I remember watching the Thriller &amp; Smooth Criminal music video for the 1st time &amp; it was lit
@user Curtis, we be happy to assist with any concerns you may have. Simply post details at
"Want a copy of Book Of Souls the new IRON MAIDEN CD on release on Sep 4th! To enter, follow us + RT! @user
Can't wait until Thursday night for football and watch the best QB Tom Brady come out onto the field a starter and finally be free. #goPats
would like to get to milan for the world tour appearance of  maestro Zubin Mehta in may
"RIP Giants legend, Frank Gifford. Gifford was the last of the Monday Night Football triumverate of Cosell, Gifford and Dandy Don Meredith."
Happiness cause Amazon just notified me that my Bluray version of Gotham will be here tomorrow!
"Final VW data due July 31, seen neck-and-neck with Toyota"
If you wanted to know who my woman crush Wednesday was yesterday take a wild guess. It was the amazing Demi Lovato.
I might go to Pierce the Veil at Northern Lights (SOLD OUT) in Albany\u002c NY - Oct 31
@user yup, technology makes it feel like you are all right next door. In which case, come over tonight for some Terra Nova! #Kain"
"The fact that I have two exams on Sunday, and two exams on Monday, and i'm watching twilight for the twentieth time on MBC 2"
Someone hangout with me tomorrow so I can show them the dance I made to Bad Blood. It's pretty fucking sick.
well it is the 3rd straight crappy week of Big Brother. Can we just skip ahead to the buy back competition?
@user Thor and Hela sat down on the golden chairs as they begins to drink their mead that was right in front of them. Odinson+
"Thursday\u2019s rainfall @ BDR was 0.04\"""" bringing the monthly total to 2.07\"""". That\u2019s more than an inch below normal (3.10\"""")."
"Janet Jackson has unveiled the track list and album cover for her upcoming LP Unbreakable, which will arrive October 2nd."
standard English) this might be rendered: The reporting of Big Brother's Order for the Day in 'The Times' of December 3rd 1983 is
Steelers gonna get waxed on Thursday without LeVeon Bell and Tom Brady back for the Patriots.
Maths re sit next Tuesday but then going to my first ever Champions League match at the Etihad! Buzzing!
@user so glad I was the grand prize winner to see Zac Brown Band I can't wait til October :)
@user will do! Nope Tuesday or Wed. Going to BR Saturday. NOLA sun - tues. going to the Saints game on Monday night!!!!!! :)
"Only dance I'm surprised didn't make the 10th #SYTYCD anniversary show was ""The Garden.""I bet Mark's ""KPop"" one replaced it. Still got Mark!"
"Per @user the Capitol and Capitol Visitor Center will be closed tomorrow; tours, suspended:
"Catholics give up stuff for Lent\u002c Jews are fasting today...being Presbyterian is starting to feel like the \""""Casual Friday\"""" of religions! ;)"
@user I shall be there Saturday, be prepared for me to give lap dances. I will expect a chair in the middle of the living room.."
U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday:  This is not a rebel song and it's not against on sunday...it's all about anyday.
hypothetically, if I was to come over to Cali in December to see friends/ go see Grateful Dead &amp; John Mayer live, would anyone come with me?
Sports-Soccer-Home: Youth Soccer Program. Pre-K through 8th Grade. Soccer is the world's most popular sport and ...
@user Roma play Juventus tomorrow in Rome. If you don't go then @user and I will never talk to you again.
@user how do you envision the Super Eagles with Sunday as manager
"Happy Temptations day: ""It was the third of September""              The Temptations - Papa Was A Rolling Stone
Photoset: thepalmtoptiger: Are we going to talk about the fact that Zayn has the sun/sunray motif on his...
@user @user C'mon Travis it's all about the kids..."
@user  is having a show nov 10th @ the House Of Blues friends or anybody HMU if u want to go Thanks :)
Some crazy people from Thursday at the Toronto Burlesque Festival #tbf2012   @ Gladstone Hotel
So i found my vans beanie might take it tomorrow :p
the weeknd said that bbtm was coming out aug 28. bbtm came out aug 28. @ frank ocean take notes.
It's National Ice Cream Day see you tomorrow Instagram.
Castle 5x06 sneak peek 3. (Season 5 Episode 6) HAHAHAHAHA is it Monday yet?
Just realizing Bankroll Fresh had the 3rd verse on Gucci song Shooter .
Kendrick Lamar - Black Friday (A Tale Of 2 Citiez Remix) (Lyrics on screen) via @user  King kunta the GOAT
@user @user C'mon guys join the quiz!! Get free cool The Vamps tees by @user  Good luck!!
@user no you do not need to! Wait may be just Morocco &amp; Israel with me.. my social and linguistic skills are superb ;)
\u2019Simchat Torah Bash!\u2019 at the Chaplains tomorrow night at 9! A night you will enjoy as much as Purim! See event for more details!
How it's already Wednesday when it was Labor Day like yesterday tf Bruh life needs to chill.
Rafa will play his third round match at the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells on Tuesday against Marcel Granollers.
Frank ocean not dropping his new album in July is the reason why I have trust issues
@user big ben gets forgotten because his SB wins weren't memorible. 1st was the bus show. 2nd feel on deaf ears cause it was vs cards#
Off to the beautiful city of Vizag tomorrow. And that will complete my cascades across India.. #OfficeLife
@user Could this be Islam's 5th column? Very few women and children in any of the photos we see.
@user @user I wanted to smack Eli Manning for falling asleep with the rest of the team during the 2nd half on Sunday. hahahaha
@user 4th is just great bc it's like St Pattys just MERICA #canttouchthis
The good news: Parks opening Sat. a.m.\u002c the bad news: the destruction
Woohoo going to spend all day thursday shopping at the Florida Mall :)) #yay #shoptilwedrop
"David Price gets 1st win as a Jay, going 8IP-11k-1ER!"
Register today for SPUR SJ's June 27 forum with The New Yorker's David Owen (http://t.co/lCJBWcEE)! Sign-up here:http://t.co/omR44CWq
Nooooo they delayed the knicks and Nets game until Monday!
Congrats @user on taking out the nearest the pin at the 5th hole in the Younger Members Xmas Twilight @user
Tyga may have not bought a bitch a Bentley but he still bought one a Ferrari.
I watched a video of Linkin Park at Rock im Park and found my friend in the first row like 3 times :D Thank God I stood in the 2nd lol
Jamming out to Disney songs with my roommate = a great way to start a Friday @user
Why is holly trying to guilt me into going to digi tomorrow night
Well it's August 12th and I've just heard Mariah Carey's 'All I want for Christmas'...seriously?
"Would love to see Dustin Johnson make a huge charge tomorrow, he's got the game"
British and Europeans also thought Hitler was not a threat either. Russians were nice and Muslims just misunderstood
@user @user Kendrick is going to outshine Cole on this collab album tbh. He already did it on Black Friday.
I only forgot today wasn't Monday once!  Better than usual on the day after Labor Day!
Any of you will to watch Minecraft and have Half-life on Friday? Cause that's the only game that's ready to stream that I am willing to play
Meg Ryan: They don\u2019t make Sunday underpants.  Billy Crystal: Why? MR: Because of God. BC: *blank stare* #whenharrymetsally
If you haven't heard Black Friday by Kendrick and J Cole I suggest for you to listen to it.
Probably not going to be seeing much of the Semi-finals tomorrow because I\u2019m going shopping around lunchtime
Avondale finally gets into the end zone I need Tim Smith touchdown pass. Seaholm still leads 28-9 late in 4th
Frank Gifford did 25 seasons on Monday Night Football. Thanks for the memories  when I was young.  RIP
May I just say that the words 'Latte' &amp; 'Skinny' have NOTHING to do with coffee and that the word 'Barista' is NOT in the English Language?
"Sweet Jesus, I may just vote for John Kasich. #GOPDebate"
So apparently Lady Gaga went to go see Britney's Femme Fatale Tour in Atlantic City tonight!
Although i\u2019m not a big fan of SS\u002c all my respects to Mitch Lucker. May you rest in peace.
I\u2019m going as Scott Peterson tomorrow and my brothers are going as Sandusky and Paterno. Possibly the most insensitive party ever. No fucks.
@user Fools! Serena threw the 2nd set. So obvious. So disappointing.
@user and I once sat in a Walgreens parking lot attempting to sing Mariah Carey's "My All" and probably scared the neighbors
Big Time Movie is on at 3(EST) tomorrow! make sure you watch the greatest movie ever :]
@user @user However\u002c he has confirmed breaking a chair in the Duke pressbox\u002c 2nd such destruction at a Duke sporting event.
"I had a bad feeling the 1st time I heard ""will be greeted as liberators."" Also, you forgot Saudi Arabia.
Wow did Carly Fiorina KICK ASS at the early debate August 6.
Andrew Luck featured in the latest Rolling Stone and on the cover!  NFL Kickoff is this Thursday!  Colts regular...
@user Well have to have a defensive stand at the beginning of the 3rd. But lord knows Ike Taylor will get beat deep
We\u2019re going to Bali tomorrow lol
"Over the next few years, George Osborne might not be Mr Popular, but he may be Mr Right
"You would think Tony Blair, more than most, would understand the consequences of a poorly thought out intervention -
#AndThatsHowTheRiotStarted Nike invents the ultimate inner city shoe. Then only has 5 pairs made for black Friday. Go gettem!
I strive to be like Wednesday Adams every day.
Danny Care and James Haskell recalled to the England side for the third Test against South Africa on Saturday\u002c
I loved the Hannibal finale Saturday. It was good enough and open enough to interpretation to please all types of Fannibal. #HannibalMicDrop
December 12th cant come fast enough. Conor McGregor is gonna put Jose Aldo where he needs to be.. Out of championship contention.
@user Interested? My EXCLUSIVE: TD Bank denies allegation it aided $7-billion Ponzi fraud; 2nd only to Madoff
CHARLOTTE the DAUGHTER OF RIC FLAIR called the Four Horsemen the best group in WWE history... #RAW
do you know that moment when you stare at the sun and your eyes start to cry because it's so bright? that happens to me when i look at Niall
Photo: scinerds: Sharpening up Jupiter Amazing image of Jupiter taken in infrared light on the night of Aug....
All you people watching Sharknado tomorrow are they terrorists hate us.
I feel bad for the ppl that have to take the ACT tomorrow
@user oppa you back to seoul tonight because you can show in inkigayo tomorrow :( take care, i will miss you babe :* <3"
"Former Minister & SLFP member Najeeb A Majeed may appoint as CM of the Eastern Province. But, can't confirm the news still"
The Woman In Black - the legendary ghost thriller\u002c touring to Dubai and Abu Dhabi in November & December. More...
2 MN college bound teens will be at the White House today with 1st Lady Michelle Obama. How they scored this life changing invite at 6 @user
It appeared to be business as usual in the Red Sox dugout Sunday -- except for the fact pitcher He... - via @user App
Cong to hold rallies on FDI. The first rally will be held at Delhi\u2019s Ramlila ground on Oct 28\u002c to be addressed by the PM and Mrs S Gandhi.
"Day two of graphing the Cubs tomorrow. Tough team. Will Kris Bryant or Jon Lester sign? Find out tomorrow on ""Graphing with CJ."" #RackCity"
"Arsenal fc &amp; 4th position in the EPL, a better love story than Twilight &amp; Titanic!"
I should've just shared it on Google+ :/ But this was what never reached you Friday night, @user Congrats!!!
Everyone go to volleyball game Monday at 7 in the AC @user @user @user @user @user
Williams stopped short of the goal line on 3rd-and-6. Heels line up to go for it on 4th-and-2. Brian Kelly wants a timeout.
Put it like this craigs gf on Friday looked ghetto with her braids but Janet Jackson in poetic justice didn't
Iron Maiden is releasing a new single tomorrow 8/14/2015.  100% jacked about that.
@user I hear it may only be 15. Rick Perry is having trouble finding a ride to the venue.
Totally going to the Marijuana March in dt Cleve brb. #NOT
@user the "Harper doesn't hustle" narrative was born, and will endure, b/c of one dumb decision Matty's 1st month on the job
Old school #wrestling from the @user Don't Miss Monday's episode on Brock Lesnar defeating John Cena at...
"I can't wait for sam smith tomorrow, I'm probably gonna cry the whole concert"
@user 1st up\u002c obama on that poster with that caption??? Trayvon had parents just like dad on the right. Like they don\u2019t grieve?
Ungentlemanly. Tim Howard runs 20 yards out of goal in an attempt to get Sterling sent off for 2nd yellow card (which it wasn\u2019t). #pasoccer
Taken from the march for Charlie Hebdo office Attack. Still relatable. WE ARE NOT AFRAID. #prayforparis
To prepare for the #AppleEvent tomorrow I am reminiscing over legacy apple hardware including iPod 2nd Gen, iPhone 4, iPad 2. Get Pumped!
Delicious warm sun...great to see you (if only briefly) after hurricane sandy whipped through here a couple hours ago.
August 11th 2010 Was the day I met Mitch... I regret not taking a picture with him. Fuck. I\u2019ll miss going to SS shows.... </3
@user Gay marriage never existed before the last 15 years. The Left acts like the people and states should no say in a 10th amend issue
Floyd Mayweather confirmed September 12 will be his last fight and he's happy to go out 48-0
Super Eagles up four steps on FIFA Rankings. Now 54 in the world. 10th in africa
@user of an attack with Sophos first EUROPEAN vendor SECURITY solutions(@ Living Tomorrow)
when digi is tomorrow but you're not going. @user
@user do we really have to march every time we have issues to deal with?   Marchers clash at Cosatu rally
#Lions march down the field and #Vikings fans can't blame Christian Ponder on that. That's not a good sign after coming off 10-day break.
Young Buck may face five years in prison due to smoking marijuana with Snoop Dogg
@user I'm not offended by whatever you may have said. I respect you and remain a Hulk Hogan fan. You're much bigger than the WWE.
Hey Jesus\u002c I come to you asking that the power goes out in Winans so I won\u2019t have to go to school tomorrow also. I thank you in advance Amen
@user I'm too excited .. finally tomorrow is the premiere of Big Time Movie will be a great time at Adrenalina.Colombia is ready
Nat'l Headline: Miss USA contestants prepare to take stage: Women from across the country Sunday are vying for...
Sat here at nearly 3am with David Bowie on repeat. All I need now is food.
"Today, Thursday, is National Hot Dog Day and Vanilla Ice Cream Day!  Which would you rather go with?  Who wants...
@user @user Islam is a Muslim Nationalist Movement with geo-political ambitions, as such, it must lose 1st Amendment rights."
Runrig @ barras tomorrow night.followed by stealing at home then Lorenzo in the Louden ...PERFECT . :-)
@user It's against the Constitution to turn Christians into 2nd class citizens for disagreeing with homosexuality, like it or not"
"I wanna wake up tomorrow with Dunkin by my bed, that would be the best birthday breakfast ever."
Huge run by Simmons!  Keeps @user in the lead   It is 10-7 halfway through the 1st qtr.
They are rereleasing Deadpool on Xbox One and PS4 on November 17th. Would I buy it again? Yeah.
nothing like a little Lady Gaga on a Saturday night... only it's Friday night - my drunk mother
This is a good video clip of Carly Fiorina on the 2nd Amendment.
Oh goodie: that game no one liked about the blind girl hits PS4 tomorrow.
Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose may need to recruit Brock Lesnar to take out the Wyatts #RAW
@user Use Ade in Europa and Cups and let his contract run down. Best way to do it. Save Kane for league and get Berahino as 2nd ST
We are not Real Barca or Bayern that players would be ready to join the club as a 2nd/ 3rd choice. On what grounds would you bench Coq/Santi
@user we just confirmed Nipsey Hussle Dec. 29th @user Hall tix on sale Friday!
LetsMoveDown will be at the Comcast Center this Friday for the Terps v. IUPA exhibition game.  Come check us out!
Full Mariah Carey walked somewhere &amp; then sat down for a bit coverage - day 12 #buythePaper
Does he mean a tv or a giant iPad?
I just want Friday to get here already! I'm buying Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City! ;D
Anyone want to buy some Zac Brown Band tickets for Sept 3?
Hope our boy Fabian Delph gets a start tomorrow and continues to produce the quality performances us Villans are used to! #comeonengland UTV
Google did great with YouTube purchase. It is now &gt; $40BN. I bet Facebook did equally if not better with Oculus.
Tbh come with me to dunkin tomorrow before the instore i payed 100 dollars to get the table on the plane @user
im not gonna cry tomorrow i will try not to cry tomorrow bc zayn's happy now and if he's happy then im happy
"With respect, and I agree with so much you say ... we can't eg., change Thursday to 4thday because Thor didn't exist
"only us... milan,italy...feb 14 2017...saving the date."
