I'll set my DVR to record the encore so I can watch Nicki's performance tomorrow.
Checks 2.0 will not be submitted tomorrow, but I'll end up taking the extra time for a watch app, NC widget, iPad optimization, etc.
Diana: A Celebration ends June 10th at the @user make sure to see the collection before it leaves!
Hanging of Yakub proves that @user may be a hero in reel life but in real life he is best to be ignored #YakubVerdict
This Saturday\u002c Cherry Moon will burst with some RAW beatzzz from the masters. You like it RAW???
2nd part of Crossfire Hurricane was ace. Would like to be in 70s era Rolling Stones please. Get it on ol' iPlayer etc:
"The National Hot Dog and Sausage Council has designated July as Hot Dog Month. In conjunction with that, July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day."
Is anyone trying to go with me on September 28th to see Madonna?
I wanna hear carry-over purchases tomorrow, so pre-owned iPhone and iPad apps can carry over to the TV.  I would start developing ASAP.
TOMORROW come see ALL IN! at LA\u2019s Comedy Central space. It\u2019s FREE but you need a reservation- call 323-960-5519
I may be the only person I know who thoroughly enjoyed the Kanye West rant during the VMA's
This evening will be the first time I get to hit someone in almost 3 weeks. And Friday I get to hit Georgetown. The hammer falls Friday
Who knew there were enough people in the world easily pleased by shite like Sharknado that they're getting a 4th instalment?!
"Facebook may have solved mobile, but Google is still struggling with it follow==&gt;@djawinet"
BIG BANG CONCERT IS TOMORROW. OH MY LORD !! BOO HOO HOOOO )\u2019: *Cries all the 7 seas*
Club remix next Saturday night ALLSTAR will be in the building @user  @user
April just freaked me out bc our local Dunkin is different from half of our friends now even though their dorm is only two blocks away #nyc
"Josh Hamilton's go-ahead RBI in the 11th, opened up the floodgates, as 7 more runs were scored. Texas #Rangers won 11-3 over #Mariners. #MLB"
"The.old woman next to me on the plane is currently reading Twilight, she's hitting that phase a little past 7th grade but do you"
@user no one should care why Jameis may still be the best player in CFB. It's a completely moot point in context of current scandal
My godsister better take her ass STRAIGHT home after school tomorrow. NCA won\u2019t be the place for her to be after school
Follow @user for coverage of Scott Walker at the Iowa State Fair. Here's a preview:
Brit model reveals all about threesome with Justin Bieber - The Sun
Sunday means Eggs Benedict and Florentine at the Iguana! Another beautiful morning\u002c come on out and enjoy the pool and 2 x 1 Bloody Marys!
The only thing that's made me excited and happy about Friday is that Calibraska is released
Just wrote a great song with Mitch Daniels! Really looking forward to performing it with him on Thursday! :)
@user 1st thoughts re elton's oscar party: will adam be back in la (tour is over by then lol) and will he get invited again ;)
"Grammy winner Sam Smith performing in concert starting in Perth Sat 28 Nov, then right around the country finishing in Brisbane Sat 12 Dec"
"Wow! I just won this for free, FRIDAY starring ICE CUBE, CHRIS TUCKER, etc flixster vudu HDX u #listia"
Damn.... Miley Cyrus needs to watch it that bitch is gonna get sat on and crushed by Nicki.
so excited to go back to work tomorrow on national hot dog day
@user and Wichita Wild still tied 14-14 at the end of the 1st quarter. @user
Good for the Des Moines Register and good for Rick Perry.  He will make you all proud.
I'm so upset that Shawn is going to be 5 hours from me tomorrow and I can't go because it's a school night
Messi and Barcelona are preparing for the league game against Osasuna at the Camp Nou this Sunday (kick-off 17:00 CET)
Amazon Prime Day is the equivalent of drinking alone at home on a Friday night.
Ohhhhh the things I'd do for Dunkin donuts tomorrow morning.. @user is there one near us
Stuck in the Dallas airport until 11:20... On a Saturday night #gettincrazy #getmehome
"On November 16 ; me\u002c my mom\u002c and my sister are going to see \""""Breaking Dawn: part 2\"""" #judgeus"
"I hope Kris Bryant is ready for a ""random"" drug test tomorrow. Or do they only do that in the NFL?"
historic canoe journey to protect the Salish Sea and stand against Kinder Morgan\u2019s pipeline expansion project Sept 1st
@user What up CM Punk keep up the great work i love watching u every monday night i hope can kick rock ass at the royal rumble
Are you a Hillary supporter in Cincinnati or Columbus? Are you free Sept 10 to wave Hillary signs? I am not...
"Nirvana's 'E-Coli' Demo Leaks Online [LISTEN]: Set to release November 6th through Universal Music, the album ...
Dennis Kucinich to Run in the 6th District?
@user  Never had a need for Twitter. Then Sharknado made the public responsible for April's life. Hope to see you in Sharknado 4.
@user 3rd: Bad Blood won video of the year and she took all the women in the video up w her and said stupid shit
Good Saturday afternoon workout... By Myself! That\u2019s how I grind nowadays. At the playground with Aaliyah now. #GoodTimes
Can we just talk about another #Nashlynn VIDEO TOMORROW YOU GO NASH AND SKYLYNN
@user my package is here,sitting in the P.O;no Priority delivery,on Sunday.They do.it for Amazon Prime???
Carly Fiorina may be moving up to the main debate stage thanks to this @user change
Putting in my 2 weeks at IHOP tomorrow but probably gonna get fired for it bc my manager is insane. Oh well.
Guy opened the 8th gate and Naruto saved his ass.. GOAT
My new sounds: March of the Ants + Food Scarce at The Valley.mp3 on #SoundCloud
Happy Birthday Mitchie and #twittlessLuis! Ill bring you stuff monday :p @user
Oracle 1st at the top and head right looking downwind, ETNZ will follow them 24s behind, then @user going left for the split
@user @user although I deliberately choose my Moto G 3rd generation because it had one. Great link, BTW."
Chris Alexander's TV meltdown on PnP last Wed. made the BBC's front page on-line. He blames media for lack of action on refugees. #cdnpoli
Who could it be? Gov. John Kasich getting major endorsement Monday at Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in Birmingham...home of Sugar Bowl losers.
I don't have cable, so I'll catch up with Suits via Amazon Prime tomorrow.
Highly doubt that iPad will be covered during the #AppleEvent tomorrow.
My Tarheels beat Virginia Tech! #TarheelNation Now it's time for my 2nd team to beat Texas! #MountaineerNation
Gucci bags other self aspiration april occur the set of two yours whole far out link in contemplation of admir...
"UFO goes into VOLCANO | October 26, 2012 | Mexico | What do you guys think? #paranormal"
I think Tushar Gandhi should hang himself to protest against hanging of Yakub.And yes it should be on 29th just day B4 30th #yakubdebate
@user well destructo is on there and he\u2019s not playing. but lineup and hours are released tomorrow.
"I loved Ice Cube's son's comments about people who didn't get that ""Bye Felisha"" originated from Friday @user
"I may be playing #MGSV on a PS3, but I'm 4 hours in and still having a blast. One day I will revisit it on PS4 and truly admire the visuals."
Caitlyn Jenner dons shift dress with a leather jacket for Kylie's 18th birthday
@user Modi will come and go...dynasties may emerge again but if the system is fool-proof no politician can loot the treasury.
Janet Jackson Misses Grammy Deadline on Purpose with New ...
"I have School by Nirvana stuck in my head, along with January 28th &amp; Apparently by J. Cole. Not necessarily a bad thing lol"
@user enjoy your last night in swansea! Thursday is all about sin city #sinsavers
@user Nia's asking if you want a current event for tomorrow? She can print it right now
"Litre a voddy on a Wednesday, start how you mean to go on during these holidays, IRA"
Ahhhh! Loving this new IC Champion! Wish I could see it happen this Friday. ): Crossing my fingers that he has a match at Summerslam!
"Three mornings with @user starting tomorrow -- talk of face punching, Olympics, NFL, Rousey, and more! 5-9 am, @user BK"
only 7 net hits at Fenway as the Blue Jays and Red Sox are in the top of teh 9th deadlocked 1-1
on my YM shit right now. just finished listening to I Am Not A Human Being. now going onto Pink Friday. after this\u002c hello Careless World.
It's Friday and I still don't have google+, Ross posted my latest video on Reddit, you can post your comment and discuss it here.
"Too Much Heaven by Bee Gees was the @user magazine Hot 100 No.1 hit on January 13,1979"
"On injury report, Brian Cushing (knee) is listed as out for Thursday's game against the Colts."
What would the Sept 16 CNN debate look like should Trump refuse to participate unless Carly Fiorina is there?  Go Donald for justice !
Excited for @user and @user opening Essex tonight! Any bar with homemade Thin Mints is my favorite
See you on March 24th. From Argentina to Miami\u002c no limits for #ASOT and @user
That moment when you think Google search ads for that distortion pedal showed up on your twitter feed. Nope.
You're going to miss me singing a Frank Ocean this Friday if you do something other than this:
AvecesSi'' Conor McGregor's Body Shots the Difference in Title Victory: On Saturday night, one of the biggest pay-per-views in UFC hi...
Kugan Cassius interviewing Ricky Burns on his Dec 15th fight! Is Rick the only World Champ still working part time?!..
Government keeps Theresa May's 'murky' deal with Saudi Arabia a secret | Politics | News | Daily Express
July 23rd is National Hot Dog Day! Hot dogs will be .99 cents all day! Come enjoy a great hot dog! #NationalHotDogDay
Can it just be tomorrow so I can see @user in Sharknado 3 #Sharknado3 #OhHellNo
"On this day 1976, Paul Simon hosted NBC's Saturday Night Live where he performed with George Harrison on Here Comes The Sun, Homeward Bound."
If Amazon Prime Day is "better than Black Friday" then I'm going to sleep in!  Should have been called Amazon Garage Sale Day!
@user at the ready. As much as It hurts me to say this but the gunners at 4-1 to beat united tomorrow can I not bet it being united
August 1st. Also known as the day in the summer Mario Lemieux stopped getting fries with his sandwich at the turn.  Now no one eats bread.
"definitely going to go see Annabelle tomorrow night by myself, in Brenham, idc."
Sisi is a tyrant trying to suppress any possible Islamic uprising. May Allah grant the Muslims victory over this dog.
#stAte is giving #ULOL the business...long pass play from Aplin to Jones - Red Wolves up 20-0 2nd Q #SunBelt
woo! my film is all ready for the exhibition! Should be a super busy day on Sat: Exhibition, Pride parade, fetish meet up and partying!
"February 12th is a nice time to release it. Its the week of the Grammys too. Albums \""""sell\"""" that week."
Here's a list of every place you can get free ice cream for National Ice Cream Day this Sunday!
13:58 Steven Pourier\u002c Jr. (OLC) MADE the 2nd of the 2 shot Free Throw. DaSU leads 90 - 36 in the 2nd Half. #NAIAMBB
today is the day we have been waiting for all summer: the day we see aaron rodgers on the field again. so excited. #packers
Today or Tomorrow night work have to been done by midnight. No shame or sharing with twilight your future will be bright.
Niall's charity drive for @user is at 44% now! Donate and spread the word please! Just a few more days!
I just need to see Lauren on Saturday already.
I just finished the 5th season of Army Wives...now what do i do
This month is going to be amazing.  4th I see Courtney! 9th Stacy moves back!(:  17th My Birthday!!(:  Then it\u2019s thanksgiving and no school!
Huge game for #Hokies tonight. ACC championship game on the line-- difference between potential BCS bowl game and 4th tier bowl game.
7:23 a young savage named suadonte wright was born \u002c I love you baby & may your soul rest<3333 I miss you donnnn !
Foreign commentator award at the #commentawards goes to the late Marie Colvin of the Sunday Times
Rahul Dravid joining commentary team for the 1st time...Its the best moment of this test match :D
Watched Sharknado tonight with mom while she recovered from surgery. Now she wants to watch 2 and 3 tomorrow. I love my mom.
Brian Cushing is not listed as out for Thursday's game. He was just one of 11 #Texans who did not practice on Monday:
"There you, go, Vermalen. You don't clear it, and disaster strikes, especially if Van Persie is in the area. ManU up, 1-0, in the 3rd minute."
[411Music] Dr. Conrad Murray to Take the Stand in Michael Jackson Murder Trial: Jury selection begins this Thursday...
Always remember Frank Gifford doing Monday Night Football man you're going to be missed rip
"takin my math CASHEE tomorrow , thursday nd friday helpin out at the special olympics ! hopin my best friend is there ! (: #Winnin !"
Ready to fall in love with Eric Church on Saturday
@user @user  said you made Keith Richards look baby faced.  *May not have actually said this.
That moment you realise Justin Bieber may be better at freestyling than Young Thug  Don't forget to Like our page...
I love that #NotreDame is ranked 4th... spot light is off us\u002c and we can roll right into the National Championship. Watch out #bama
I love my Nike players!! Way to go Serena! Expecting great things from you tomorrow, federer!
I\u2019ll let Killing Joke deal with my Sunday night blues instead. That\u2019s Dave Grohl on drums too.
"I'll have a lot more to say on Murray in a #USOpen wrap-up come next Monday, but for now, it's Kevin Anderson's moment in the sun."
"Nirvana is walking through Grand Rapids while the sun sets, listening to Demon Days."
I may or may not be dressing as Zayn right now just so I can get cheap food at Chipotle. #noshame
@user thank you for the @user Friday Night is Music Night Trailer.... makes me smile and excited every time
"No, Danny Elfman. No you may not."
"White Sox Highlight: Trayce Thompson with 3 H and 3 RBI, including go-ahead 2-run double in 7th, in 5-4 win over Red Sox"
Yes it does feel like 106 in the sun. And it happens to be National Ice Cream Day.
I think I'm going to flash my Galaxy Note 4 tomorrow
That's the 1st Nintendo franchise that landed on Android that I saw,  and with a puzzle game no less.
@user @user @user you do realize Chris Evans' account has been hacked right?? or y'all sleeping off a friday night hangover or sth
Who watched the LSU game on last Saturday @user  was da true best
"Today's Pin (August 28, 2015): ""Elvis Insiders"", in honor of #ElvisNight at tonight's White Sox game.
"We also wrap up our discussion of the Summer Olympics, present our weekly box office report &amp; discuss how 2 of NBC's Fall shows may be DOA."
Off to see The Ladykillers at @user with @user on Friday. Looking forward to it!
"Big Brother on in the background whilst I work, it may be a pile of shite but emma willis makes it worth it"
I'm gonna throw Bernie sanders a birthday party on Tuesday you're all invited
@user actually he's watching Last  Monday Night RAW Big Show v Dean Ambrose right now
Gucci gob alterum self-command may lay bare the set of two your mortal irruptive magnification toward experien...
"Caitlyn Jenner may face manslaughter charges, but on the bright side, her new vagina could still be tried as an adolescent."
Janet Jackson remembers Aaliyah on the 14th anniversary of her death.
"Be at Ten Thousand Villages this Thurs 4-8pm. Choc tasting, henna tattoos, and proceeds go to support refugees in the Triangle!"
Good Luck to our Boys tomorrow as they take on the Bulls in the Currie Cup Semi Finals. You have already made us...
Jump in the cage! Would you turn your back on a shark for a selfie? This was on Sunday's twilight tour #sharkdiving
@user after @user call I foresee the jackals lining up for studio visits on Thursday\u2019s.
David Price is gonna be hellafun every 5th day.
Big weekend for the Saints ! Roll On Sunday !
@user roads are straight ass. May be better further east, I'm out in Milan tonight."
Red Sox may be the best worst team ever
It's funny how I'm like the only 8th grader ICONiac....
I may have to record MOTD2 tonight to watch Inbetweeners Top 10 moments with Martin. :)
@user @user Tweeted January at time of Charlie Hebdo - stupid then (&amp; now) but not tweeted tonight.
"Watched Aladdin on VHS last night, talk about high definition #stoneage"
@user i believe i just got ur msg. so chill out.... Splash Dance happens every thurs night at surrender. its a pretty good party
How long b4 the town houses on 7th Ave. Nd MLK get power back on?? @user
#game Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (Nintendo NES, 1988):  $5.95End Date: Saturday Sep-12-2015 ... #eBayUS
There were clues the administration had a connection to the Rolling Stone rape hoax. This is pretty definitive
"Congratulations to Curtis--shooting on the range on Black Friday entered him to win the SD9VE, Smith &amp; Wesson!...
I just finished My Super Psycho Sweet 16 Part 3. I've loved the whole series  for made for tv movies they're actually good.
This image was taken at a huge demonstration in January after the Charlie Hebdo; let's stand with Paris again...
"Amazing round from Paul Dunne, fantastic to see amateurs not only making the cut but actually contending.Hope he does well tomorrow #theopen"
@user Yes\u002c yes\u002c but what you see in the Finder is file directory data that points to your actual files. The file may still exist.
Atletico Madrid want to buy Chelsea's Petr Cech in January [Sunday Star]
@user DO NOT watch the Kurt Cobain doccie. Just don't. Self Portrait, The Cult of JG Leroy, virunga &amp; They Will Have To Kill Us 1st
Seeing Chris Brown, Kid Ink,Omarion,Fetty Wap,Young Thug,The Migos, August Alsina &amp; Lil Kim tonight was the BEST
Pics of the March Fourth Marching Band at the Oregon Country Fair closing out the show Sunday night. Their...
"For those of you who may not know, Pattie Boyd was the first wife of George Harrison. Read her autobiography, ""Wonderful Today."""
@user @user @user @user im pumpkin carving again and watching the Alabama vs. Lsu game saturday night!
@user aye can you bring my UCLA sweater to school tomorrow?
@user Hilarious. Give the doping convictions, the '99 Maillot Jaune devolves to the kid to who was 17th at the '99 Tour l'Avenir"
White Sox use big 10th inning for 6-3 win over Mariners: The Chicago White Sox scored two runs in the... #Chicago
Yoga returns to Miss Master's Closet with a NEW SCHEDULE: Sundays at 9am beginning September 13th!
Islam in Bangladesh is like the multiple colors of a mirror under the sun  There is love in these images. A...
HALLOWEEN TREATS &amp; PRIZES from 27th October - 2nd November Kids get free halloween nail art &amp; sweet with every...
"Expert: Watch out for the ISIS sympathizers: Professor Eyal Zisser says ISIS may be too busy to attack Israel,...
I'm really excited for when #Community's Halloween episode airs sometime in the middle of March. Just in time for St. Patty's Day!
George Osborne is a threat to the poorest in our society:
See you on Saturday @user !!   5 days 23 hours 1 minutes 6 seconds until     ED SHEERAN IN ATL  #countdown
True. Except that Rick Perry has more swagger.  Trump may have had a point when he said Jeb is asleep.
Played Dishonored (360)\u002c Darksiders 2 (360) and Mass Effect 3 (360) in the last 24 hours.
@user yes. Brock Lesnar will appear tomorrow then he will be gone till before Royal Rumble
"Dustin Johnson, so often the nearly man at the majors, eagles the par-5 16th to share the early PGA Championship lead at four under."
@user Haven\u2019t hear about Morgan State.... but Coppin State is closed for tomorrow. #Sandy
Really not a good thing in the current regional context. Erdogan's playing with fire
Feels weird watching an Apple event with so much suffering going on in Syria :-/
"Kris Bryant takes Garza way out and Cubs fans are on their feet. 1-1, bottom of the 2nd. #MILvsCHC #Brewers
@user @user I saw that the other day.Maybe with more time on Monday we can get more into it.. That damn Erdogan! Hope it blows up in
@user Saturday I buy my ticket for the #TMHTOUR in Belgium! I\u2019m so happy!!!!
@user I want to see you guys at the #allentownfair on Sept 4 but not Eric Church.... #firstworldproblems
This is me guys! This was from last Friday on Eid! If you see me at the concert say Hi!  (Deleting this soon)
Spending a nice day at #DHS. Enjoying all the rides before coming back for Star Wars Weekends activities on Saturday! #SWW #woot
Apple CEO \u2019extremely sorry\u2019 for problems with new maps: Source: --- Sunday\u002c September 30\u002c...
I'm sitting on this bench alone on campus in the sun and listening to bob Marley this is wonderful
#SEOchat "The best place to hide a dead body isn't the 2nd page of Google results...its Google+" - @user Never true words uttered
"Christianity is nothing else but the imitation of God\u2019s nature.  We seek a relationship with God through Jesus ...\""""Lord that I may see\""""."
Looking for someone to go to Paul mccartney with in October anyone interested ? lol don't wanna go alone
@user it was right next to LAX, I sat outside and watched the planes land. Perfect.
can we just fast forward to the end of the year and go to disneyland, ball, sun splash and graduate already
"Sat what you want about U2, slag them off if you will, but I still think they were a damn fine class of submarine"
"Aug 2, AB 3: Brewers challenged (tag play), call on the field was upheld: Kris Bryant singles on a line drive to center fielder Shane"
Ed Sheeran tomorrow... I mean... like it's less than 24 hours now.
@user how you gunna let Falcao and James Rodriguez beat you guys on Saturday? Lol good stuff brutha keep it up
Kim Kardashian blasts Kris Jenner for encouraging Khloe to be with Lamar Odom: In a new teaser for this Sunday...
@user it was really nice to hear from u thanks hope ur enjoying ur time off I'll c u Dec 1st in Binghamton NY
"What I wouldn't give to see the Zac Brown Band, at Wrigley, Friday night, September 11th, as they sing Chicken Fried. #MayFreedomForeverFly"
@user So wish I lived in Philly! Have a great show tomorrow night!! Hope one day to see you in St.Louis!
June 13th was just declared Matt Cain Day! This shall be my new favorite holiday #PerfectCain
How To Dress Well plays Santos Party House on October 8th with o f f Love and Warm Ghost!
Gucci pants ego-id conflict hope january show forth the biform yours fixed favorable regard consolidation in p...
I feel like Viola Davis is being Cicely Tysoned but I\u2019m going to bed. I may awake to hate tweets.
jacob im scared af because I just finished the 1st episode of asylum from American horror story
@user I\u2019ll be in Poland but back Sunday eve\u002c catch you then!
My birthday is in November! I'm addicted to Etsy, Marshalls, and Amazon. Make it happen, friends :D
I hope Milan mom say that she can come over on the 28th
Influenced by Rahul Gandhi. All from Kalam family may not be the same. e.g.Rahul Gandhi. -
"After losing 2 last week, today the GOP is trying to win 2 Senate seats in Wisconsin by recalling 2 Democrats. It looks like they'll fail"
"Who will be Narendra Modi's choice for the post of Cabinet Secretary?: New Delhi, Oct 17: Soon, Narendr... #india"
We have had a few home Leeds United tickets returned which are available on a 1st come 1st served basis to supporters on the database #RUFC
The Dudley Boyz, Ric Flair &amp; Sting all in the same night?! Great Monday Night Raw! #AttitudeEra @user
bro I hope tomorrow's digi is good cause last time I went it was ok a good experience plus i got electrocuted by a wall charger
@user Beohner \""got 98% of what he wanted.\""  Fact: Dow down 634 today and Boehner OWNS every point. #p2 #fok #maddow #teaparty"
Bringing the Bentley out tomorrow.
"Gartner: Windows 7 on 94 percent of new PCs: by Steven Mostyn - Aug 10 2011, 07:48 Google may one day seek to sh...
China Telecom 1st Half Net Profit Falls 8.3% but Beats Expectations: China Telecom also said that it would acqui...
Paul McCartney is coming to Buffalo October 22!  Guess who is going to be out of town that week........me #fuck
Mahiro may be my bias for Kiryu...but Hiyori is definitely the cutest when he looks like this. -Nikki
It's WAXX New Music Tuesday!  This morning we're featuring the brand new song from Zac Brown Band called...
@user @user do you know when you guys are going to Tempe the 2nd or 3rd week? Have to claim my parking spot!!! Lol
@user In this series the Nationals may have lost the division and Harper may have lost the MVP.
A twilight anniversary vigil will be held in Martin Place tomorrow to mark one year since the Lindt Cafe Siege. #TenNews
Cabin Fever 2 drops tomorrow. No way it\u2019ll be better than Taylor Allderdice but i\u2019m still pumped for it. @user
I remember having to watch the Daytona 500 for Mr. Hoak\u2019s class in 7th grade. #goodtimes @user
Scott Walker is going to Dreamland tomorrow which is reason enough not to vote for him.
Will John Cena tie Ric Flair tonight by winning his 16th world title? #SummerSlam
"Left over Halloween candy is probably past it's expiration, right? That's what I'll tell my kids when they see the empty wrappers tomorrow."
Rt @user IEBC may hold the most modern & credible elections\u002c but that wont stop Kenya from Burning again IF the intolerance we  ...
I think that having Undertaker on Monday Night Raw and in a feud with Brock Lesnar IS best for business! #RAWKansasCity #WWE
I should work at dunkin. Get the donuts every friday.
@user great news indeed!The victims of Boko Haram deserve the verg best.May God speedily bring an end to their plight!Amen.
Strongly considering having breakfast at IHOP tomorrow morning. Short stack with blueberry compote. I'm craving it.
1st: Taylor and Avril 2nd: Taylor and Nicki 3rd: Taylor and Katy????  Hahahaahhahahhh.. maybe its the start of the new beginning???
Depp joins Cate Blanchett &amp; Saoirse Ronan as an honoree at the 27th annual Palm Springs International Film Festival
Feels Like Vegas In LA @user  @user Auditions in 4 SATURDAY!! Movie Called RAYMOND LEGENDS U will be shooting the TRAILER
"Jared Gaither, Shareece Wright full for the 2nd straight day. Eddie Royal (hamstring) and Jonas Mouton limited. #practiceupdate #Chargers"
David Price has a lead in the 6th so basically this game is over
Liverpool\u002c CHAMPIONS of the Carling Cup last season\u002c now KICKED OUT in just the 3rd round of the competition 3-1 by SWANSEA at ANFIELD.
#TGNArmy @user   @user @user   Dark Souls 3 New Trailer Embrace the Darkness 12 April 2016
So Welbeck has gone down the tunnel with a possible injury? Can we extend the international break till Dec 31st? Thanks...
Going to go watch the 36 Saints movie on my tv.  Night! Cya tomorrow. Oh I watched Big Brother. LOL!
To celebrate the 2nd birthday of the beautiful Prince George I will be offering personalised children related...
weird as tho I have science 1 period Monday mornings and thanks to tom I have it instd&amp;still want Dunkin maybe the bus will stop tommorrow?
I just sat around for a minute trying to remember Ice Cube's last name
"1st song of my day Know Better --- Frank Ocean  Not my normal shit, but it's a good song"
"14-Aug  The day of independence,  The day of Sacrifices of Muslims, The Victory of Pakistan, I proud to be a...
PM Narendra Modi to Address Top Military Commanders on Friday: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with the country's top mili...
Oooh yha and the DMC and A$AP ROCKY one is 2-4th
@user Nothing wrong with that. Busy day tomorrow with White Sox baseball and the heat!!
Can\u2019t wait for opening night at Madison Square Garden. Will be there for the Knicks/Heat game on Friday! #fun
Tune in to Mtv Hits tomorrow for the Making Of #WIDEAWAKE & don't forget 2 vote 4 Wide Awake for a MTV VMA! @user
I bet Nicki has like a 3rd of the industry shaking in their boots. Plus the Barbz will drag if anyone comes for her.
Junichi Tazawa recorded his third save with a scoreless ninth Wednesday against the White Sox. #RedSox
"Actually, I'm just ready for Taco Bell tomorrow for lunch. #fattweet"
I would like to fast forward to Friday when I'm at the Singapore Indoor Stadium!
Now let's go from Milan to Bologna - tomorrow I'm going to shop accessories (for my shop and (almost) not for myself ;))
"Sitting down with U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow on Tuesday for a chat about Washington, the election, debt ceiling, and more. Stay tuned."
Floyd Mayweather says he quit after Saturday's welterweight world title defense against underdog Andre Berto.
my little brother just told me that they're watching annabelle tomorrow but I told him that I already watched it
"Who else is excited about Go Set a Watchman by Harper Lee, which hits stores this Tuesday? Stop by Barnes &amp; Noble...
Friday's going to be my break-up letter to Kanye West. I have been writing it for several months.
We saw the birth place of Jesus and walked the pathway of the Palm Sunday entry of Jesus into Jerusalem.#tc
"The World No 1 and world No 2 provided the main event at Whistling Straits on Thursday, even though Dustin Johnson eventually claimed a"
"it's 9:30 am on sunday, so obviously it's time for david bowie."
"also, just want to remind all our band folks the deadline is approaching submit to SXSW 2013- get it in by Nov 7th!
@user get to Manchester at 7 tonight just sat in Milan airport now ur flight go okay ?
"Did the Red Sox get bambino cursed heading into the 10th or what? Ball off glove, balk, wild pitch! #StillDontGetBalks"
@user Going to see Equalizer tomorrow in the movie theatre. Did you enjoy it?
When nobody realizes Tom Brady isn't suspended and you get him in the 6th round in fantasy football. #SportsMediaUF
Griswold reels off 7 straight to go up 17-16 on Tri-Center in 3rd set. McLaren has 6 more kills in the frame and owns 19 total so far.
Oh is there really a 2 hour delay tomorrow oh didn't know so keep posting it"
Craziest day ever and back for 3 shifts at work tomorrow (Kim Kardashian cry face)
"I enjoyed a day of fun in the sun with this beautiful lady today. In the words of Ice Cube, ""Today was a good day.""
Shout out to all the girls who will be taking the walk of shame into cvs tomorrow to by a plan b #dressinglikeaslutcomeswithaprice
Tonight Dr. Terrie Hale Scheckelhoff will be formally installed as the 11th Head of School. Welcome to the Saints family @user
"We may be an ordinary girls ,But our love to our Zayn is bigger thank you think,He saved most of us and we're thankful to him to have him."
I will be oddly satisfied if the Red Sox can finish the season in 3rd place in the division.
MSNBC: Carly Fiorina may have a hard time making it to the next GOP debate despite climbing up in the polls:
"Briana draking it because of Ivan, you good?
He may be right. Look at some of his policies.He is acting like Obama did when he ran 1st time.Look back..
i dont know is that the nintendo direct tomorrow is probably when were going to get right
"Yoga's been around for 2,500 years but the sun salutation has only existed 100 years. Interesting programme on BBC4."
i honestly cant wait to get out of greensboro with @user  tomorrow!
Anybody know how to get the tickets to the Singapore Masters Cup @ the Singapore Indoor stadium next Sunday?
Down To Eugene to see the Grateful Dead (~);}  David Gans #VibeTribe #Vibes20 #friday #greenvibesstage
"I'm going to sing Different Summers on Monday, by Mitchie Torres/Demi @user .."
I am picturing Saturday Night Fever with John Travolta and the Bee Gees' #StayingAlive @user
Indians open with Red Sox &amp; don't get the extra few days in April so the weather can improve. That's bad news for the Tribe.
Tomorrow I will start catching up on Hannibal. I got to ep2 of S3 and had to stop because I wasn't ready for what a ride it was gonna be.
Oh and we are playing @ the United Center at 1pm on December 1st COME SUPPORT US AND BUY A TICKET FROM ME TO WATCH THE BULLS!!!!!!!
@user  @user 8th as im going to eng v nz at twickers on the 1st
If I go to ihop tomorrow I'm gonna feel like I'm cheating on Denny's and idk how I feel about that /:
"It was ""high and deep""... #Cubs Kris Bryant ""walkoff"" trailiing with 2 outs in the bttom of the 9th! --&gt; #MLB"
@user it's too early. Though to be clear. Apple Watch is already the market leader. And best performing Apple product in 1st quarter
"KJV OT:Ezekiel:Ch 39: ... you, even a great sacrifice upon the mountains of Israel, that ye may eat flesh, and drink blood."
@user Did you not see my reply? Barca's front 3 tomorrow. Don't EVEN @ me.
What's the best way to get audio recordings from a 3rd party app off of an iOS device? Jailbreaking isn't an option.
Bring on the housemates! Celebrity Big Brother kicks off August 27th @ 9pm EXCLUSIVELY on TV3!
Interesting post on "the inside" of Monsanto and it's controversy: #gmo #farminglife #educateyourself
@user @user @user I love how so many idiot Christians still think Sunday is the Sabbath! Ah, Constantine...lol"
Refugees from Syria may form the next wave of immigrants to the US, so Donald Trump probably wants to build a wall between the US and Syria.
"Jay-Z stole all his music in Reasonable Doubt."  That may be true, but he stole some timeless, genius shit
@user @user Jeb Bush dug himself a deep hole with his "Act of Love" comment.If he was +3% yesterday, he will be -3% tomorrow
@user @user @user @user Refugee's did not carry out the Charlie Hebdo or the Paris attacks on Friday, you prejudice idiot."
"No idea where Scott Walker sought medical care following his violent sink encounter, but he may want to obtain a second opinion!"
@user Hi corps I ordered two boxes of Ant-man on July  23rd and I haven't received anything not even a email. I emailed you guys.
Considering the size of our squad these days\u002c we could have done without extra time ahead of another trip to Tayside on Saturday. #hmfc
Amazing day today. I can\u2019t wait for tomorrow; I get my braces then movie night at my bf\u2019s house with Rosa & Jose. YAAAAY.
"mom: ""So you got U2 on Wednesday night... what time does college start on Thursday?"" me: ""8:30"" mom: [walks out of room laughing maniacally]"
@user definately, I was hoping we'd get a 3rd part with a Ho age Naruto &amp; more Byakugan development.. The last movie sort of did it"
Someone go by every single season of Naruto for me I'll love you forever
Gr8 meeting Rohan &amp; Milan 2day with Cst Crowe &amp; MacArthur #K9Charger &amp; #K9General!!! Good Luck Wed Rohan @user
@user Think Sharknado is on Netflix. While being a veggie today I may look for it. :)
@user Okay sweet, sorry to be a bum! have a good evening tomorrow, Nit said she'd be up for a drink in the week aswell :) x"
Bella Thorne is at Disneyland and I'm going the tomorrow not today, wtf.
My new theory... Petraeus told Romney no to Benghazi at the debate cuz he was planning to blow it up later... Can u say #OCTOBER SUPRISE?
Wish me luck on the ACT Tomorrow!
@user TrueTriz said they may be a n update for Minecraft today but it isn't out yet. Have you got any ideas?
@user @user 2nd one is mostly B/G but they did do a G/G scene with @user & @user which was abt 50 mins.
@user Thanks to ESPN now coming free with Sky, got to see full Dortmund game yesterday. Wow, there's a team going places."
"Chad executed 10 alleged members of Nigeria-based Islamist group, Boko Haram, by firing squad Saturday, a day...
Confusion clouds Saudi Arabia's anti-ISIL coalition: Some key members of the 34-nation anti-ISIL coalition ann...
@user This is regarding your concern engaged with Ira. May I know if you can use it via Facebook app?
So gutted I can't see Fort Minor in London on the 8th as I'm already seeing Foo Fighters :-(
Parliament adjourned until Monday. Maseru is calm with heavy police presence in the city streets.
@user i think you're thinking of Katy Perry's Last Friday Night? that vid is pretty funny. not really selling sex
Sitting at home on a Saturday night watching Magic Mike XXL in bed with my dog and a pizza box wondering why I'm still single.
"Carmen Consoli at the Teatro degli Arcimboldi in Milan! January 22, not miss out! Book your hotel at the best rate:
When Mr.Craig said sunday night was officially the last day of Marching Band. < <
Marvel\u2019s Phase Two Kicks Off with \u2019Iron Man 3\u2019 Trailer on October 23rd #Featured #Hype #MovieNews
News of the day - Oct 17 - Michael Clarke determined to see Australia at...: via @user
"Then Kanye West's speech like ""bro"" 9 times. When you 1st watch it you might he's nuts but after watching it back it made sense #Kanye2020"
"Did you catch this? Pretty Little Liars\u2019 Marlene King: Toby Isn\u2019t a Double Agent \""\""He\u2019s On Team A\""\"" - Exclusive"
@user @user ya for sure it\u2019s on 28th and Ost starts at 1043 but really not till 11 lol
Redskins see a Titan opportunity this weekend: The Redskins know Sunday's game against the 2-4 Tennessee Titan...
De La Soul is going to be at the Cabooze on 4/27...that is going to be a great show...
@user I'm seeing Ant-Man tomorrow. If it has an ant called Antony, and that ant dies, if this is a spoiler, I will be so mad at you."
"ACT Tomorrow, then spending the day with my hunny <3"
"Some of our photos from the @user premiere at the Winspear Opera House, May 31.
"Dance off Friday ~ Breakdance Conversation"""" with Jimmy Fallon &amp; Brad Pitt... #TeamSKM
@user I think you can get them on Ticketek? And they go on sale tomorrow.. I think... :)
Amazing giveaway Win any book of your choice from the Book Depository (under $15)
I'm about to revoke Justin's black card if he keeps dancing this ugly &amp; hanging out with Travis
That's a half arsed effort from BBC with the NFL. Highlights show from November! Season starts tomorrow FFS. Thank god for @user
"Don't be too upset about the lack of football this weekend, the soccer game against Seaholm is only a few days away! Tuesday. Home. 7."
@user hey peasant are we going to Helsinki on Saturday with the other peasants?
Kane's confidence is sky high.. Odds on Kaboul to have the game the game of his life Sunday and him to be lost in his pocket?
Come say hello this Saturday at Founder's Day... Just look for the Pope!
My Thursday nights arent the same without Waterloo Road
@user I pretty sure none of those fans regret not being there to see Harper strike out in the 9th on a pitch in the dirt.
: Billy Ho going all Sharknado on championship Sunday.
You'll be able to buy the Apple Watch from select Harvey Norman, Domayne, JB Hi-Fi and Myer stores from tomorrow
I was so close to getting this place on Ventura for the 21st but I need an older crowd
iPhone 7 release date: Reports point to September 7 or 9: Apple CEO Tim Cook wears the Apple Watch and shows t...
#rtesoccer Robbie Keane saying he always knew Germany was going to finish 1st in the group!!! #winningmentality #coybig
@user Landry and Roberts are out there too. Would you cut Asiata for a 2nd WR for FLEX or just start JHill Cin? Also down Jennings.
@user @user some people go trick-or-treating but not many. We have Australia Day on Jan 26\u002c the Queen\u2019s Bday\u002c Boxing day...
"Zac Brown Band, September 11th, we're going @user
Vidal Nuno pitched 6 2/3 innings of one-run ball in a no-decision versus the White Sox on Saturday. #Mariners #MLB
@user oh there is no school today because yesterday is my country independence day so its a day off today. HAHA hby?
@user Nov 18th Steelers game is Military day; my brother a former Marine will b there\u002c he\u2019s excited 2 know u will b singing the Anthem
Anonymous to Wikileaks: We\u2019re more interested in transparent govts & bringing out info they want to hide from public.
"23 November 1970. George Harrison released ""My Sweet Lord"" in the US. It would become the first single by a former Beatle to reach No.1"
I'm pleased with my lord and Islam is my deen may we die by these words allahuma amen
"#Cubs take a 2-0 lead after Kris Bryant hits a two-run home run, his 21st home run of the year."
I\u2019m waiting for the entire Troy football team to pile out of the new Music Building tomorrow night and pillage the streets of Knoxville.
@user a poor man Muntari and benchwarmer for Lazio he no Milan player we buy him so in January we loan him to Carpi
Check out the new fall TV at Paleyfest tomorrow!
@user don't worry bro, I'm going to get coffee alone tomorrow. Dunkin hotties may be there"
Sarah Palin may have some kind of organic brain damage.  She's incoherent and inappropriate most of the time.
Are u ready for the latest London Conference?  3 Scholars.  2 Days.  1 Venue.   THIS WEEKEND  [30 June & 1 July insha\u2019Allah].   Venue: TBC
Bowling tryouts November 5th pass it on if interested
@user I think it may have been subbed by Bates. """"Conor Heffernan discusses the bizzare world of Leeds United owner Massimo Cellini"""""
They waiting on Kendrick like the 1st and the 15th
@user is creeping! RT me Justin LOVE YA so excited for the concert in october MEXICO LOVES YOU<3 u inspire me
@user I wish I could've learned more about Islam in 7th grade tbh
sep. 5th 2015 || louis with Niall last night on stage #OTRAMontreal (1-3)
I still watch the new episode of Naruto every thursday #geek
Settled part of Bali stuff with the friends. Tomorrow some more. Totally forgot about my 8am class -_-
The Coast Guard plucked two people off of an overturned fishing vessel in the Tongass Narrows Wednesday:
@user Ay you heard ""Black Friday "" by Kendrick a J Cole"
Heading to the @user show tomorrow morning with Mommy. Lets hope we get front row #TVTime
it is confirmed that briana will give birth on April 1st.
Can Mike Brown play golf? He may need to hit up the Stanford Women\u2019s  team w Ty Willingham after this start\u002c honestly... #Lakers
New trailer for Sky Atlantic's The Last Panthers  Series starts on November 12th  David Bowie has written the...
Even the SCOTUS says the 2nd A can and should be restricted, David!
Tomorrow is one of our favorite days of the year: National Hot Dog Day! Stop in for our yearly $1.50 hot dog to...
California May Label Monsanto's Roundup as 'Known to Cause Cancer' | Natural Society well it's about time!
"#itfc Last season #Millwall started with 3-0 win at Bristol City. 2nd match, you've got it, Hull City at home!Omen! Lions won that one 4-0."
Our Daytona 500 is on Wednesday! Shootout and Duels on Tuesday. Thants to @user for letting us use some rules. Rules 16 to the end.
"remember when ashton tweeted me about the 1st atlanta meetup :,)"
@user @user Google is a beast boo but that's the wrong Angela Robinson!!!!  @user Sept 7th Jacksonville, FL
@user hey Lou I got a good deal on a bunker I can sell you on Nov 7th  #rightwingparanoia
Does anyone have tickets to the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow that they're willing to sell
I have been watching Naruto for DAYS. Help me. Save me from the 4th Great Ninja War.
Free PSN game on PSN Game is ZEN PINBALL 2. Free Game on Playstation Network. As of Oct 1 2012. Get it now while its free. USA PSN
@user will you be in Myanmar on Saturday? I work with Tom at Spark PR in BKK. We have an event on Saturday in Yangon with Visa
Hey everyone. Tomorrow is the "Hey Siri" event. They're just releasing the new iPhone details and the official iOS9 release date.
The hardest thing about tomorrow will be leaving Bentley, but it'll be nice for my hands and feet since he's always chewing on them
Gucci plurality foreconscious doomed hope february think out the span thy figurative modern over and above en ...
True religion? I give fk to any and Islam comes 1st in the q @user
@user im seeing you November 12 aka in the hood\u002c make me your ollg and I\u2019ll pay you in chicken nuggets
A statement carnival cruise made about the Ebola scare.
Beyonce performance all the way onto Sunday. I saw u Sunday Keisha. Lmaaaaoooo
"I got the practice CAHSEE tomorrow at school. dear practice CAHSEE, can you not. sincerely, me."
"CNN changes criteria for GOP debate, likely sending Carly Fiorina to prime time:  On Tuesday, CNN changed the ...
Real Madrid 3rd kits 2015/16 New New want one??
@user West Indies players to fly back on their own expense after the 4th ODI in DharamsalaRT WHY DID THEY COME?#
Ohio Governor John Kasich may not make the first Republican debate in...Cleveland. Wow.
@user on Sunday in Milan it's Derby Day! I'm re-wearching that video about it, Sick. #Amala #forzaInter"
".@redsteeze Well, it's Rolling Stone, so they're probably lying
"I still havent set up my voicemail on my phone so tomorrow when I do it its gonna be like ""hey its -"" then its gonna cut to john cena"
She surprised me with Jason Aldean Tickets for tomorrow night!!!!!!!!!
@user @user at least there is hope coming around February. I\u2019m looking at a team where JR Smith is the X-Factor.
"Milan, Fiorentina and Roma are interested in signing #Juventus defender Andrea Barzagli, his contract ends in June, #Juve want to keep him."
I'm running on the stage if Sam Smith sings Lay Me Down tomorrow
@user haha, @user are up and about! Will have fun at work tomorrow w the lions fans...Port got smashed too #goodtimes"
I was watching Friday rn and Ice Cube uhh was pretty good looking if you ask me
50 lakhs to 1600 crores. Gives some sense of how Maino became the 4th richest politician in the world!
Anyone want Ed Sheeran tickets for September 17? About 35 dollars ? I have two tickets
Caitlyn Jenner &amp; Kris Jenner Come Face-To-Face: The cameras were rolling as Caitlyn Jenner sat down with Kris ...
@user @user now back in the day I watched a good bit. Friends, Seinfeld, 3rd Rock, 70s show. But as I got older not much
At least it will make up for the SAT and the Gonzaga game
Someday I will be able to come back to Disney World without vomming. Hopefully it's in February.
Curtis will see you Saturday #playoffs
At last the dam breaks: Gay couple gets license to wed in Kentucky county: via @user
I don't much like Harper but he is right to do this.
Hard movie to watch about an IRA member who starved himself to death in protest while in prison. He may have been...
@user Look at PS4, it gives Mem leak with a TITLE_ID request (If I'm correct) on PS Mobile App. We may find something."
true story: munibond sales guy was freaking out &amp; wanting to liquidate his IRA at depths in aug/sep (talked him out of it for the most part)
"Ice Cube's son is hella sexy. I may only think that cuz I've always had a thing for Ice. His son is just more, like, attainable. lol"
@user Niam teased a song off the 5th album. such a tease..Look at Niall how cute he is.. ! little shit
No new Grey\u2019s or Scandal. :( Must be a sign that I\u2019m supposed to study for our exam Monday... (which I completely forgot about!)
Donald Trump tweets:  May I tell you that I'm having a lovely Labor Day weekend at Hugh Hefner's place? Hef is a gentleman and a friend.
@user @user Agree! I watch with my mum and it's our monday night show, that's not gonna happen anymore!All bc of Big Brother"
@user Posterous is super easy for uploading vid, esp from mobile device. Plus got bought by twitter so integration may be on the way"
Lance Dehm Racing qualified 11th of 130 cars at the UMP Fall Nationals hosted at Eldora Speedway. Click here for photos
Loved the hair style from Friday\u2019s Jason Wu New York Fashion Week show? We\u2019re giving you the step-by-step to...
I have to rewrite an essay for tomorrow and I have no motivation to do it and I'm just sitting with my head on my arm with David Bowie on
Remembrance Sunday - Took part in the Remembrance Service at the Parish Church of All Saints' in North Hykeham.
@user it's a lot bigger than you may think just take a look at Hannibal
Caitlyn Jenner May Face Manslaughter Charge in Malibu Crash I read it on @user #video:
It is Saturday after all. Question - is Giroud the new Torres? and Superbowl switches to Comerica Park for Game 3. Where?
Been listening to Careless World - Rise of the King  Cannot wait for the 23rd  #rackcitybitch  @user  @user
it\u2019s officially November 2 here in the Philippines.. so.. umm.. HAPPY BIRTHDAY Kendall! i love you! @user @user
I was SO disappointed with Magic Mike XXL!!! If it would have came out first, I dont think I would have watched the 2nd one.
@user I think Thor is B-list like Kriss said b/c he's probably one of the 1st names you know if you read comics, but otherwise no idea"
@user lmao! hope CM Punk does him. Surely will with it his last match before SummerSlam? Is it next Sunday?
think ima go to Nicki Concert @ the DAR Constitution Hall on the 21st.. 2 chainz gonna be dere
"Frank Gifford and 'A Fan's Notes': Frank Gifford, who died Sunday in Connecticut at age 84, was not just a Hal...
RT @user #Londonriots is trending 3rd worldwide ..... This is NOT something to be proud of United Kingdom!!! Sort it out!!!!
"Sunday Oliseh to pick five local stars for Tanzania game: Super Eagles coach, Sunday Oliseh, has revealed he w...
@user you picked a great game. My 1st reg season game: David cone's perfect game in 99. I was visiting NYU and catching iron maiden.
"Tom Brady will be on the field Thursday, but will he have two rookie guards protecting him?
#NewYear #love #fun Chicago Cubs rookie third baseman Kris Bryant left Sunday's game against the Milwaukee Bre...
Prince George's 2nd Birthday: Find Out How the Royal Family Plans to Celebrate! | E! Online
"When Zayn sees niall bc N always changes subject when he gets questioned about Z, so he talks about their 5th album
EU presses Boeing subsidies case at WTO. The EU called Thursday on the World Trade Organization to formally take up...
Rivers to Gates\u002c for only the 3rd time this season. Keep it up Chiefs\u002c fantasy teams need you
"Oh my god, Sharknado in space! This is even cooler the 2nd time! #Sharknado3"
@user I can't wait to see you on December 9th and meet at the fm Kirby Center!!(:
DR.EGGS LIVE IN HONG KONG with an another Super band: Halcyon. OCTOBER 20 at BACKSTAGE LIVE.  Get your ticket...
"View the program for the new RNA Nanotechnology GRC, to be held in Ventura, CA Feb 1-6, here:
We thought we\u2019d never see the day - Axl Rose does 1st TV interview in 20 yrs AND shows up on time! Watch:
"Seven Penny Stocks on the Move with Heavy Volume, April 24: CSOC shares have traded as high as $.18 over the pas...
MONDAY PREVIEW: ARE YUMMY MUMMIES BAD ROLE MODELS? Cherie Blair thinks they are - do you agree?
"Tomorrow is the Mother's Day ..... I Love You,Mom ^___^"
@user u can imagine what may happen if they allow the enemies to enter Madinah. Plus, they broke the covenant they had with Muslims"
Here's a photo of Prince George eating the future Queen of England's hair. Happy Thursday. @user #Royals
Ronda Rousey lose please  lose Saturday night. I don't like her. She talked grimy about my dude Floyd Mayweather.
who\u2019s going to the pottstown football game friday?
One of these days the sun is gonna come out again... Grey\u002c rainy\u002c cloudy day after day in #TDot #Toronto
At the 10th Annual Cloud Expo @user
@user madam sorry to say it is compulsion in Islam please read Holy Quran for guidance May Allah show the right path ameen
It's been a good day.  A busy day. But a good one.  New glasses prescription. Ordering new frames Tuesday. Did some drawing.  NOW YOGA!!!
"Happy 2nd #birthday to Prince George of Cambridge, as he celebrates his cherished day in #style. #Royal #Fashion
Happy birthday Roman Abramovich. Treat yourself to a nice present in January. I think Radamel Falcao would fit the bill nicely.
Taylor Allderdice is a sick mix tape too. Convinced all Wiz is good wiz\u002c hyped for the album dropping Dec 2nd!
Frank Ocean is a lyrical genius! Fuckin poet! He may not be the best entertainer but my cousin can write some deep shit!
Life is good\u002c Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls are back! 124 MacDougal b/t 3rd and Bleecker. Bring on the King Cake! @user #snogood!
#GetWellSoonAshton Ashton come out of that bed we need you to entertain us c'mon now
De La Soul is the shit too no lie
Cannot wait to see @user with my boys @user and @user next Friday in Athens!
Wednesday's Classes  9:15 AM - Yoga with Annalisa  6:15 PM - Fit 4 Life with Orson 7:15 PM - Spinning with Arthur...
Carlo Ancelotti's 5 January targets to make his side even more stronger/Unstoppable! See:  .
All the people seeing Noel Fielding tomorrow\u002c I am extremely jealous of you.
I got Justin Bieber tickets for Christmas I'm crying I have wanted this since the 7th grade
David Wright will resume his rehab assignment tomorrow evening at 6:30 PM with the @user Off today again. #Mets
"We may not all trust in Donald Trump. But he is the only choice we have to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain. We have to take a stand." #Trump2016
Its important we build relationships with non-Christians and with Christians outside of Sunday morning worship. #Normal
@user @user He was even booed at the protest march of  ex serviceman for OROP.They even said Rahul Gandhi wapas jao.Besharam.
My mom call and say that a teacher called and said that I\u2019m going to Ritz Carlton tomorrow for some tennis shit. Anyone else going? (school)
"Peyton Manning ......... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! If Curtis Painter is starting on Sunday, I am going to lose my shit."
Murray's in major crisis here - 5 - 1 down in the 2nd set after losing the 1st! scenes!!
"Selena' new album will be released on 24 November. Information goes, that his title will """"For you"""".
@user I can't wait to get Watchman tomorrow...more because I want to see her maturation as a writer. Forensic reading.
the new season of american crime is based on that Friday Night Lights Amy Schumer parody sketch?
"Did you know, Lady Gaga reads \""Letters to a young poet\"" every morning?
Hats off to Hobie Fishing Team member Sam Smith for 1) catching what may be the record striped bass taken from a...
"The Royals have to sweep again, that way the celebration is on a Saturday and not Tuesday or Wednesday."
Well it's great to see a wonderful woman from McAllen get 1st Runner Up in the Miss USA Pageant
"Steve Jobs is my man of the century. 10 years ago, they were this close to bankruptcy. Today, Apple is the most valuable company in d world"
@user A Culprit should be punished not matter what the religion may be, but in Yakub's case,"
rest in peace for lee soo man's wife. may her wife get the best place over there and stay strong for lee soo man and his family.
@user Hi Lee my iPhone is currently operating on IOS 6do I have to put IOS7 1st or can upload IOS8 if so how do I go about it ?
@user I play HORSE against Jordan Farmar on Sun for charity. Working on my over the backboard shots today in the St. John Bosco gym
I see Ed Sheeran on that day
@user KO has been doing it as long as Randy Orton has. Just didn't have the opportunity to showcase himself before May ;)
Breaking from the "11th commandment," Scott Walker targets Jeb Bush in a new video
@user I'm going to Jason aldean on the 26th of sept orrrr rascal flats on October 2nd!
Got your tickets for Jason Aldean concert Friday well don't for get to book your limo for it!!! We got great...
I mean it's decent but people are treating it like the 2nd coming of Iron Maiden. It's not. Relax.
Had a good day of ball with the Slackers today finishing undefeated in our pool! Gonna rest up and looking forward to more ball tomorrow!
@user Also the way to go at Zachary\u2019s is the stuffed mushroom and spinach. Excellent. (note: this opinion may be out-of-date).
Tonight's episode of Monday Night Raw was lit af, the Dudley boys,Ric Flair, and Sting!! Like yo wth!
My dad & the builder are talking about City and it turns out the builder is sat the row behind me at the Aston Villa game\u002c fuck sake
Just 5 days left for the E! RED Carpet Live Jewelry Fashion show!SATURDAY\u002c NOVEMBER 4. RSVP SEATING is LIMITED!...
Rousey keeps running her mouth like the 3rd grader with a crush.
I think it got eaten by a grue.- PC Friday - Diablo III (PTR Patch 1.05) |
He's still new to us. If Cole &amp; Kendrick just now getting the attention they deserve...c'mon now. These ppl clueless
"Hear Janet Jackson's Soulful New Song, 'Unbreakable' - Fresh off unveiling the track list and cover for her 11th L...
Can't beat it. Friday night, no kids, a few beers, listening to Taylor Swift....no, wait! I meant AC/DC. Motorhead!
Long day yesterday. Started here at Manawaiopuna Falls. You may know them from Jurassic Park... #Kaua'i #Hawai'i
Cool! A Tiny Milan Apartment with a Magical Disappearing Kitchen via @user #Design #Decor #Organize Wednesday.
I just got excited because I found out that Amy Lee\u2019s birthday is the 13th of Decemember. Guys\u002c that is a DAY before my birthday! SO CLOSE!!
Ferry Corsten at Space tonight ahhhhhhhhhh think I may just have to go for one after work ;)
"Where's the sun mommy?" "It's asleep like you should be" "But Harper's a moon mommy"  Dammit kid.
"Sat in McDonald's feeling like Real Madrid. I placed my order, paid for it, yet the goods haven't been delivered. #famished"
David Wright is playing baseball tomorrow  for the First place New York Mets
@user apaz there\u2019s a college party on Friday at the Joseph wright building and it\u2019s open until 3 in the morning xxx
@user No, but you missed the Eid event in Trafalgar Square on Saturday."
"Twitchy: At the MTV Video Music Awards Sunday night, Kanye West concluded an acceptance speech ... #WakeUpAmerica"
"All I did was look up ""Kpop"" and BTS was on the 3rd row.  This makes me feel proud ????"
"Remembering 14 years death of George Harrison,one of the best guitarist ever ( 25 February 1943 - 29 November 2001)"
Anyone have off 6th hour and going to dunkin??
@user Thanks again for tix to last nights Passafire show! Bout my tix to the RNDM show for tomorrow night!
Needed the loo since Bethnal Green... Now the other side of Romford This suit might be getting dry cleaned tomorrow
Romeo Santos gonna have something in the theatres November 5 ..
This Amazon Prime Day thing is just like Black Friday, if you ignore the part where Amazon didn't put anything you want to buy on sale.
"SPX Student Body, if you'd like to wear boots to school tomorrow, be sure to pay two dollars to your theology teacher."
Pictures of the day: 18 October 2012: A playful Amazon river dolphin\u002c Usain Bolt\u2019s shoes and Mick Jagger.
Its going down this Sat. Bama vs LSU|Oregon vs USC|KSU vs OSU| and I have to watch Texas vs Texas Tech
@user @user Reset the criteria - make it FAIR.  Let Carly  Fiorina debate on ""Main Stage"" on September 16th #Carly2016 @user
so I just found out today that I might get to see Michelle Obama on Friday
"Tom Brady is gonna go off this Thursday, the steelers don't have a chance. I'll take that -7 all day."
Fleetwood Mac will represent #TeamTwerk/The U.K. in the 3rd Popptartvision with the song "Rhiannon"
The funniest part of the break comes when Briana exceed period 9 months being pregnant
Look for me with my free Jordan Jefferson sign on college gameday this Saturday. Fuck bama
"I know it may sound strange to many, but it's incredible how Iron Maiden music made me relax #music"
Samsung confirms August 13 launch date for the Galaxy Note 5
nickelodeon slimefest is on saturday 15th of September at the Hordern Pavilion near moore park feat. justice crew\u002c stan walker and many more
@user oct 30th in Houston but if you trying to go to Oracle it's the 9th of February.
If @user defeats Nikki Bella at #nightofchampions, it Should be similar to how Ric Flair beat Dusty Rhodes to win his 1st title
PM Narendra Modi to Address Top Military Commanders on Friday: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will interact with...
The takeaway from tonight's game: the Colts' run defense was HUGE. And Curtis Painter rightfully owes us all (us especially) a big finger.
Re-reading #HarperLee Mockingbird now; soon to discover the new #AtticusFinch Go Set a Watchman and now there's more
briana is gonna be gone literally all day tomorrow..... i'm about to be in her house by my lonesome. might cry
Quite interesting how #Fiorentina is in 2nd and down the table is the likes of Juve and Milan.
Bentley makes a tough jumper as she is getting pushed. Sun still hanging around, 85-78. #LetsGoSun.
I just have one question. ARE YOU READY FOR THIS SUNDAY NIGHT WHEN JOHN CENA GOES ONE ON ONE WITH SETH ROLLINS?
Who\u2019s going to go see Breaking Dawn part 2 with me!? C\u2019mon!
Ok maybe I'll paint my nails tomorrow  jk I'll probably end up doing my Naruto art all day
The new Moto G may be the best budget phone... again.  #News #TechNews
Misleading headline. But may this divided ANC-house soon fall. -&gt; 'Boko Haram' make a bid for Limpopo
Apple CEO apologizes for error-ridden new map app - Apple CEO Tim Cook apologized Friday for the company&#039;s erro...
Awesome day in Central Park. Looking forward to Seinfeld tour and then NXT Takeover Brooklyn tomorrow  #NXTTakeOverBrooklyn #NXTBrooklyn
Chr @user Christians may have crazy beliefs but atheists are just crazy
I did laundry and didn't lose a SINGLE sock in the process and they moved the Rousey v. Holm fight to Nov 14. Today is a good day!!!!!
Tomorrow's quad hockey action will start with John Cena vs They Don't Stop Coming followed up by Club Zum vs Straight Outta Talent
"Having a good Sunday, sooooooo happy that college and NFL season is almost here, the weekend sucks without football!!!!"
Have had two very enjoyable nights of Carling Cup action with Arsenal last night and CFC this. Will QPR v Reading on Sunday live up to it..?
Jesse Jackson\u002c in #gso\u002c says he\u2019s headed to Sanford fla\u002c where Trayvon Martin was killed\u002c Saturday night.
Playoff weekend starts tomorrow. Knicks Vs. Miami. And you know this!
RT @user Nolito with an assist and a superb winner for Benfica against Arsenal last night. He really is turning on the heat!
@user @user @user Corby may not acknowledge this because he hasn't been told by Rolling Stone that it's cool.
Saturday night thoughts:    I was checking out the box scores from the American Hockey League - this box score c...
@user haha no, the first was just Barca and then I put the "|" just to separate for my 2nd club
I couldn't go to MetLife so I'm going to a concert on the beach tomorrow lol #MTVHottest One Direction
#Tottenham boss Andre Villas-Boas has played down speculation that he is already lining up a January bid for #Shaktar\u2019s Willian. #THFC #EPL
Is this the end for Rick Perry? If 2011 hasn't taught him anything, he may as well campaign his way out of Federal #LOCKUP !! AND #LOSE!!
Lil Trip will be performing next week July 7th with @user live at the Fairground in Nashville\u002c Tn
@user PS the things we want to do to Chris Evans are not appropriate for Twitter. And may be illegal in at least 3 states
When Jay-Z said, "Thirty-eight revolve like the sun round the Earth"
hel o kids on Thursday please be ready to hear the John cena theme every time I enter a room
"Dang it I still need to make a folder of all my favorite pics of Naruto, Yibo, and Bambam... I'll do it tomorrow while finishing Jail."
Want in on a free trial of #Fit4Two's Mom &amp; Baby Yoga class at the centre on September 10? Check it out!
@user lhh girl .. She may be cool. Uhm I want to go to Tennessee state . I don\u2019t want a roommate .dont even wanna chance it . Wbu?
@user see Ricky Hatton has said in an interview that Floyd Mayweather is the 3rd best of all time
It seem like it\u2019s NATIONAL KISSING DAY every other THURSDAY! Who tf made that shit up??!
Katy Perry - Ni**as In Paris (Cover): Woah I didn\u2019t think she had it in her...  via @user
I liked a @user video Meet the Medic in Minecraft (April Fools)
"GUYS! I found it! It was JIM HENSON and FRANK OZ in 1st season of SNL doing \""""The Land of Gorch\"""" ...statue was called \""""The Mighty Favog\"""""
You may say I lost everything but I still had my bedazzler is the Lady Gaga quote I relate to the most. Bc I have nothing but a bedazzler.
Chris brown is going to be in atx on Wednesday &amp; I'm so so sad I can't see my baby :/
playoffs are finally set. Chardon plays warren howland in the 1st round. if we win\u002c we play the winner of kenston v. tallmadge.
REAL America will stand up for itself on Tuesday and make it count. Mitt is ready to lead us out of our Jimmy Carter funk we\u2019re in
@user Which Sunday is Women's Day?? and you get your shirt yet
Not stoked at all for youth group tomorrow"
Cant wait to go meet the cast of Being Human on Tuesday. Be jealous\u002c bitches.
Aww love you Austin Rivers and happy to see you get start in 1st NBA game...but it\u2019s against my boys\u002c LETS GO SPURS! #Spurs #NBA
@user yea!! And I know the most people going to those places!! I think only Hk and Taiwan are going on Thursday.
@user Not sure what to say. I guess we\u2019ll all be happy when Nov 6 passes. I\u2019ll support whoever is next POTUS. But obv want Romney.
"Kobe Bryant scored 9 points in 1st 7 minutes before taking a rest. By the time he returned with 7:37 left in half, Jazz had built 40-24 lead"
Back to our normal schedule tomorrow! Get the kids to school and get yourself to YOGA!!!   9:15 -   Vinyasa...
@user I was at 3 TS concerts, the 2nd in Philly &amp; both at MetLife. Was in 200's in Philly. Had best spot for the first MetLife show,
Richard Bland carded a 2nd round 6-under 66 to surge into a 1-shot lead at the Italian Open. #SSGolf
"Seth Rollins is sitting next to a certain woman that you may have seen, uh, all of."
@user @user If you have Amazon Prime, it may be for you. Best Buy is dropping the cost of the Fire Stick, I hear.
@user I'd like to sign David Price in the offseason, maybe add a 4th or 5th starter, and a lefty OF bat."
@user Hey Shawn is there any chance you can give me a hint on what zombie map you will be playing tomorrow? #ZombieSlayerSunday
But this is not the 1st time that Juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex-Milan players..Cannavaro and Edgar Davids are similar cases
I'm glad nintendo puts Super Guides in games, I may not use them but I'm glad people have the option of not frustrating themselves for hours
So tomorrow my mom is getting surgery to have her gallbladder removed. Let's just hope that both she and Ashton recover quickly and easily.
David Wright going yard in his first at bat since April 14 #LGM
"\""""@DDingle42: Nick Young Skill Set Is Crazy !\"""" Him or JR Smith for 6th man of the year"
Braille and Large Print Game Night is this coming Tuesday at MLK Jr. Library Room 215 from 6pm to 8pm. See you there!
"The day Taylor Swift and Hulk Hogan pay my bills, then I may actually give a fuck but till then."
Maddie and Tegan stood in the scorching sun with me after having no sleep for 24 hours waiting for my bus to come I actually love them
"Hey @user why is the Ohio State/Rutgers game on Sat not being shown in HD on ESPN2 in CO? Guide is showing UCLA/Cal on ABC &amp; ESPN2"
May Allah forgive the souls of all the people killed in various senseless bombings by Boko Haram during Ramadhan and beyond including Gombe
RT @user I can't for this Ravens game on thursday .. first game of the preseason. --I'm so glad footballs back!
"It's Wednesday, you know what that means... New Batman!
Come on Dana white. Can't even have Holm defend the belt once between now and July.
Donald Trump: Israel may not want peace with Palestinians.
Who\u2019s all going to the @user show tomorrow at Rex theatre?
@user remind the media that we may not have journalist killed but this administration doesn't mind leaving them jailed in Iran
@user yest, the state feared Yakub may get more supporters through protests. Today, they have what they want. Nothing to lose"
I Want to be #UltimateNikeFan bt don't hav any Nike Product.Hope dey will Send me some products.So,That i may fall i love with @user @user
P Matt Boyd (acquired in David Price trade) seeks to beat the Royals for 2nd time in 6 days at 8 pm ET on...
DC Young Fly and Ice Cube's son GOT TO make Friday
I'm over here tryna do this work before classes start tomorrow and Nicki is being the shady bitch queen she is and I just lost all focus
NO WAIT!! Mick Foley will be at SMU from 10 to 11 am on 03 Nov... but I still unsure on whether to go see Kewei in the evening.
There\u2019s still time to get your tickets to the Indie Designer Fashion show this Saturday confirmed guest Erica Mena of Love & Hip Hop\u002c Maino\u002c
Carly Fiorina Prevails in Fight Against CNN Debate Rules: The network announced Tuesday that it had amended it...
Frank Gifford called 411 games in the history of Monday Night Football. This is the most MNF broadcast history.
Why do I have to go to class tomorrow, isn't college just watching Game of Thrones??
"Remember when I sat through that horrible show \""""Breakout Kings\"""" just because T-Bag? #worthit"
Jennifer Aniston\u002c Justin Theroux high end shopping; time to decorate the crib: Tuesday\u002c E! Online shared the vid...
Selling two Jason Aldean tickets for Friday! Text or dm me if you're interested
@user @user @user @user IF CARLY FIORINA IS ON TICKET I STAY HOME 1ST time in LIFE! She's just a #JOKE spoiler
@user @user  very destitute with their I phones sat nav an Nike tops ! Some were in Internet cafes in Hungary just had to check in
By the invested by Real Madrid. I announce David De Gea will be paraded at 1pm Spanish local time tomorrow. Ameen.
Brock Lesnar and Paul Heyman... May be the only 2 reasons why I still watch WWE
"East of the Sun, West of the Twilight: New Moon #SinatraAMovie"
Valentine day has been cancelled..what? Why? how? you may be asking. But you see it\u2019s simple math.. 14-2-12 =0
It may be past Labor Day, but our new participant t-shirt celebrates an endless summer here in the Ocean State....
@user @user  if your around this weekend were playing in Claytons on Sunday night about 9
Happy Apple Fanboy Day! May the iPad be with you.
Don\u2019t miss the FREE Sunset Blues Concert tonight from 5-7:00pm with March Fourth Marching Band in Mountain...
It\u2019s wednesday!! You know what that means.... new episodes of The Challenge: Battle of the Seasons & American Horror Story: Asylum!!
"He going to the fair , on Saturday & I'm going to be out of town ! Mann BULLSHIT"
I was all in on Sharknado. Never brought myself to watch 2. If anyone is watching 3 instead of Gold Cup tonight I may throw a shark at you.
"News: Sydney\u002c Oct 12 (ANI): Pacer James Anderson attacked an \""""arrogant\"""" Michael Clarke with a batsman\u2019s pad in the dressing room afte..."
This weekend is a #GoldenOpportunity to get the Lexus you've been dreaming about all summer! Come see us! We're open today and tomorrow!
@user I need to see Jeremy Evans on Roni Turiaf all over the place tomorrow.
The song Lost It To Trying (Paper Towns Mix) on the Paper Towns soundtrack is amazing. It's got FOBs Fourth of July as a base and just wow
listening to Nirvana reminds me of how cool my string orchestra teacher is. she's my 1st period &amp; I'm always pumped af to see her
chilllllin like a villian! Orono bound tomorrow with the best to be with the best! @user @user #xoxoxo #love&cuddles
Peyton Manning may have been in the Calvin Fitness Center this afternoon #LookalikeAlert
@user for the 20th anniversary edition of PS4 you should have added 2 original controller ports with PSX backwards compatibility
@user @user In occult code Thor, the representant of Thursday's Thunder means Hort: the outside lying horse. ~  eVa, hors d' oeuvre"
On Tuesday we are playing in St.Albans at a cheeky little venue called The Horn. If you're local then come out and support new noise x
I found this 'KL Live - 30 November -0001' in the Greyson App
"In related news, there were no subs for the Red Stars to start the 2nd half. No lightning updates yet..."
"I met Harry, Liam and Niall on 26 March, the day right after Zayn announced he's leaving, the boys looked heartbroken #5monthswithoutzayn"
does anybody want to go to justin bieber with me on july 7 in baltimore?? section floor 5 probably
"RT @user Tiger Woods' former caddie Steve Williams made about $140,000 for his work with Adam Scott today. Tiger Woods' new cadd ..."
Janet Jackson is going on tour and coming to Portland in January. My life is complete.
"July 30th is a Super Thursday at the Indian courts. Justice being delivered in case after case. First, Yakub. Now, Ambika Soni eviction."
@user I really and positively dgaf about Ted Nugent\u2019s Bronco rebuild. In fact if I see Bronco with zebra stripes I may have to stfosb.
@user @user @user @user oh Wednesday do tho.... They won the rumbelows cup in 91... They're up there with barca!
Just finished watching 1st episode of #accused. F**king brilliant. Yet again Jimmy McGovern triumphs. Look forward to the rest.
MYLUK-S have worked really hard for tomorrow's bake sale..come find us @ Eid in the Park (Maxwell park) tomorrow. :) all proceeds go2charity
"PEREIRA, COLOMBIA - AUGUST 06:  Players of Nigeria walk down the tunnel during the Group D match bet: PEREIRA, C...
Dont worry Congress will go on dharna tomorrow because they were talking about justice in Yakub case too.
@user Never said that the Dems weren't mistake-prone. Sarah Palin is just PATIENT ZERO for THE STUPID. In her defense GBW was 1st
Chelsea Clinton Is Asked About Kanye West Running for President and Her Perspective May Surprise You: Can we get through the 2016 ele...
Surprise! Monsanto Says, "No Glyphosate in Breast Milk".: On July 23, WSU posted the news th... via @user
@user ur solo masturbation scene in the twilight parody was so hot!!!!watched it when in 8th standard..now in college..memories
So proud of everyone tonight. It's not the end of the season it's the beginning of a new one. Game next Saturday against Curtis 7 pm Mt. T
I may not be religious anymore but, I'm really convinced that Donald Trump is the antichrist
Mayweather may be a scumbag but he'd never come close to losing to Rousey.
First record of Colin Baker at the BBC: BBC2 serial The Roads to Freedom. Part 5 - shown 1 Nov 1970. #DoctorWho
In the face of stupid atheists.......and haters of Islam....... Do read this regarding marriage.....
@user Great job that you have done in your movie career,  one of the best actors next to Chuck Norris.  But you are a close 2nd"
@user That clown in American Horror Story may be the creepiest character in the history of TV
@user I'll check tomorrow to see if it's on Amazon or Netflix :)
"Did you know this Sunday is National Ice Cream Day? At ABCO, this is a fun way for our team to enjoy the end of...
thinking about stepping out tomorrow too club bodi.... decision\u2019s to be made
Ricky Ponting says he\u2019s in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on ... - Herald Sun
@user Kendrick and J.Cole album in Feb!!!!! I beg it's true! Mans bless you? Getting waved I need to get off Twitter asap
really feeling LittleBigPlanet again so i'm gonna rebuy 3 on the PS4 tomorrow now its super cheap and transfer all my stuff from 1 and 2
Superb interview with Iron Maiden's Bruce Dickinson by @user
October 6th is gonna be a busy day for me: Rick Riordan's Magnus Chase book is released as is the illustrated Harry Potter book.
Sarah Palin tore into ESPN on Thursday night, calling the network "whimpering" and "intolerant" for suspending baseball analyst Curt
Soo pissed had a crazy day at work and I totally forgot it's October 3rd fucking Aaron Samuels!
Who has a car and is going to Zac Brown Band on Sunday????
Nintendo SNES Console with star fox:  $65.00End Date: Monday Sep-14-2015 3:33:29 PDTBuy It Now fo... #retrogaming
"And here it comes! The main bout for the evening, Anderson Silva vs. Yushin Okami #ufcrio"
"Chad sentences Boko Haram members to death for June attacks: Recent months, however, have seen the group stage...
@user is no Brad K but he's playing hurt today too.  @user at 9am et ESPN 2
With that sweep of the Royals.White Sox  are now 3 games closer to 1st place!#WhiteSox #MLB
Sad thing as I learned Easter is on March 27th. Most of my friends will be gone when Batman v. Superman comes out. I wanted to go with them
Tech News Lexus' Fancy Board Really Hovers, but It's Just for Show: Lexus on Tuesday presented the final video...
@user my phone does not run on latest IOS which may account for problem the other day .. time it was replaced
"Calibraska, the top album Friday on iTunes -ahead of major-label acts like Future, Jill Scott, Rihanna, and...
"'There's no point to Sharknado, they may as well as had Slothnado. Sloths killing ppl with their hooks'"
"The story of the time Frank Gifford was an anonymous guest on our show, Monday morning on @user
@user as long as you don't go all Kurt Cobain on me, he may have been awesome, but he might not have made the best choises lol
"hi im Clarissa &amp; im captain of the cheerleading squad, I also like Katy Perry &amp; dancing. stay gnarly!!-8th grade me
@user Do think you'll make a video on Dark Souls 3 when it comes out? ""Praise the Sun"""
"\""""@Reality_Touch: Hamid Mir has rejected the negative views of Saleem Safi\u002cSana bucha & Kamran Shahid on PTI peace march. Read his tweets !\"""""
Galaxy Note 5 leaks S6 style plus pop out pen - released on Aus on the 14th
@user how about the sc state fair on October 16th and you perform with Shawn. That would be a dream come true tbh
@user I'll take you for Dunkin or whatever you what soon like Thursday or Wednesday or a day
December 12th and I just ran Curtis st. hill in shorts and a t-shirt hell yeah
Dustin Johnson is playing like me on the 1st hole. That is not a good thing. #PGAChampionship
"Happy Labor Day! Or as Scott Walker would put it, ""Get back to work, assholes, or I'll bring in cheaper workers who'll work *every* Monday."""
@user Oops, meant Milan. I don't know man.. I have this weird feeling. He may want a new challenge and pull a Juve 2.0 with us."
There's taking the high road and then there's what Tom Brady said about Roger Goodell Sunday. How smart was Brady...
So Kanye West just replaced Frank Ocean as the headliner for FYF on Saturday...
"Manor Hospital, which may ultimately lead to disaster If you make an 'Up the Duff' joke? Ibuprofen should take George Osborne's cue &amp;amp;"
@user shook your hand in 'Tolos' in May, proud to have shaken the hand of the Maillot Jaune, congratulations!"
Dan Tyler comes right back with the Vikings 3rd goal of the half
"I\u2019m thinking about making August \""""Baby Month\"""" at Life\u2019s A Celebration. With tips and ideas for those expectant and new mums out there."
k guys i got tot get some sleep for ISTEP tomorrow and see 4/9 OF MY CRUSHES cant wait and we r going outside luv u guys thanks for the
Who's going to Eid fest tomorrow
"A new: Big Brother, I am Cait and Bachelor in Paradise and another day off tomorrow!!! Yippee!!!!!!!"
"Speed Of Light Iron Maiden | Format: MP3 Music Release Date: August 14, 2015 Download:   $1.29 (Visit the Hot ...
#Rahulstumped Mr. Rahul Gandhi is become too negative as he can not see what the center government is doing or may be he don't want to see.
Thursday peeps :) Band on the Run a night of music from Paul McCartney!!!
Anybody want Carrie underwood tickets for Saturday night in Charlotte??
Good luck to @user and the IT team climbing Mount Snowdon tomorrow for Bristol based charity Paul's Place. Send a picture from the top
"A fall celebration at the Park Place Market this Saturday! Vendors include Scentsy, Avon, Younique, Thirtyone,...
Scott Walker &amp; team Ringleader are in 1st place in overall points &amp; for most releases in the MidAtlantic Tournament!
16:46 Steven Pourier\u002c Jr. (OLC) MADE the 1 shot Free Throw. DaSU leads 8 - 6 in the 1st Half. #NAIAMBB
How many of the events in Straight Outta Compton movie actually took place? Ice Cube separates fact from fiction
"Seavey youngest Iditarod champion: Dallas Seavey won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race Tuesday, becoming the youn...
Sports programme theme tunes were a topic on the radio just now. Fleetwood Mac - The Chain for BBC F1 a classic but Ski Sunday was also good
@user Just wondering when you'll have the new Moto G (3rd Gen) in stock and will it have the 1gb RAM or 2gb RAM option. Hope it's soon
Vanuatu goes to the polls on 30 October. You can follow the progress on the Pacific Policy website.
Off to Swansea tonight.  Hoping for sun on the beach tomorrow #optomistic
@user Franko's RBI single in the top of the 1st gives Gray a 1-0 heading to the bottom. Atta way @user !
"Acta on Choo getting thrown out at 2B with 1 out and down by 2 in 9th. \""""You have give the tying run a chance to come to the plate.\"""""
"I can't even watch any ""news"" now, even if I wanted to,Muslims fill the screen. Watching the 3rd world march all over Europe leaves me cold"
"Please, please, please come true. I'm counting down the hours until Watchman's release.
"Well at least we got Miguel, frank ocean and the weeknd
Delhi Police said that the fresh report submitted by AIIMS doctors.. More info -
y'all are gonna get spammed af on tuesday for the sam smith concert
How powerful music is...Kendrick released Alright and it was used/sang in a march by demonstrators! Cassper...
RT @user So.... this evening I held @user Nokia N9 in my human hand. And now I fucking want one. #N9 #YesReally
Just booked tickets to go and see Paper Towns on Monday after work with my girl! Film looks so good! Here's hoping it's as good as the film!
Elbert Guillory's using the n-word in his latest ad. Also in La La Land, Mary cuts lose on Bobby Jindal
"http://t.co/04psdX9ixP Jennifer Lawrence touched down at LAX on Tuesday sporting a """"love"""" pin on her purse. Simple enough, but if you're ..."
No, Sam. The "we" in Kerry's statement is UNHCR, not the US government. Important distinction.
"Late surge carries UNC past Shaw: Six minutes into the second half at the Smith Center on Friday night, North...
That's the 2nd time a Korean girl gave me her number... at UMBC! The first one was @user . #IDoWellWithTheGeishas
Brock Lesnar's return to MSG to air live on the WWE Network: It was announced on Sunday night during SummerSla...
"yea, i'm going to helsinki tomorrow, can't wait!!"
New @user tomorrow, reviewing Federer, Serena and the pre US Open storylines. This is what we sound like
@user May God Bless you Mr. Santorum. This is why you are my number one choice followed by Bobby Jindal and Ted Cruz
@user January 13. Save the date. Get the Jargaritas in. It\u2019s a Golden Globe party. I need to make a drinking game!
"Goodbye Herbet Lom - The Ladykillers, Spartacus, and A Shot In The Dark, that would make a great Saturday afternoon triple bill"
Vital testimony as to the political character of the next Prime Minister: George Osborne:
Saturday\u2019s UFC on Fuel TV looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of UFC 151. No surprise 151 got cancelled.
its 2 in the morning and im up watching white house down for like the 4th time
@user Congratulations Rona for the 5th place in Eurosong contest. You deserve more than this<3
"Ryan Braun hits his 25th HR of the year, a solo shot in the 8th as the #Brewers trail Reds 5-3 now on #whby"
Everybody going to Knott's Saturday I got people from school and people from Downey asking me if I'm going
#AcehCenterID Iran placed 2nd in beach volleyball championships: Iran has finished as the r... #YSEALIReusableBag
Epic weekend on the horizon Foo Fighters tomorrow and hopefully Wales finally finishing the job Sunday
My 4 day weekend = binge watching old episodes of Saturday Night Live on Netflix
Michael Jackson, if he only believed his own words, he may not of transformed himself into the ghoul
"Rahul Gandhi's inaugural address at the 31st Plenary Session of INTUC, today, at Talkatora Stadium. #RGwithWorkers
4Ks for Kershaw through 2. He may get 15 like Chris Sale did for the White Sox a couple of weeks ago.
On Tuesday I will be wearing double Nike socks with leather sandals
Come see the David Bowie tribute show I\u2019m in @ King King\u002c H\u2019wood\u002c Nov 4 & 5 (my b\u2019day). 6 singers/dancers\u002c 6 pc band - killin!
Crucial ruling for Thursday in Ruto and Sang ICC case  ICC Judges are set to issue a landmark ruling in the case...
Seeing Carrie Underwood on the cma\u2019s is making me beyond excited for Saturday night\u002c Carrie and Hunter Hayes\u002c here we come!! :) @user
Another Estella video you may not have seen
[INFO] EXO-M will fly to Nanjing tomorrow to attend Yangtze River Music Festival on the 28th (along with Super...
"People may agree with Rahul Gandhi, even though misinforemd, but they won't vote for Congress. They might not vote for BJP either, soon."
"Kolchak the Night Stalker. Before the x-files, excellent scary tv. On Netflix huzah"
"I honestly cannot believe why Australia aren't taking @user to the Rugby World Cup. Might not be 1st choice, but still a talent."
"Payton Manning will win comeback player of the year and might even win 5th MVP.  Still a lot of season to go, but Manning looks great."
"David Wright hits singles. Enough of the hoopla, he didn't exactly prove #Mlb ready for tomorrow...#mets"
@user #bbcsportsday c'mon guys, what about #LFC away 1-0 win at FC Gomel in #Belarus? I was there, I'm sure we won!"
Yakub will be hanged tomorrow. But his execution has exposed ugly face of our journalists. Isn't it.
Can you believe that The Salvation Army in Goshen is already working on Pancake Day (November 16) and Christmas...
"#tbt Throwback Thursday... blastin old school shit all day. Iron Maiden, The Big 4, and more! #metal #thrash #speed"
Andy Rooney is really sucking it up on the pitch today. Who misses PKs by falling over?
"Im actually excited to record AW on Ps4 tomorrow, it been a while"
Seriously bummed that #perksofbeingawallflower isn\u2019t playing at any of the bases here on Okinawa...may fly home just to see it!
When a female runs away from you, words are to spare Beyonce on Sep 3, 2015 NY CHOOSING A NEW APARTMENT!
"My Saturday night in Milan? Working, online coaching @  ""Love your job and you'll never...
@user TOM HARDY should play BANE again... He should kill BATMAN when they want 2 replace like in the comics... The 3rd... KNIGHTFALL
One of my best 8th graders Kory was excited after his touchdown today!! He did the victor cruz!!lol
Betting sites tip the favor to Roma tomorrow, who play against Juventus.
. En f we fail 1st we wl chase 4 top 4 finish at the  end like Arsenal nachukia walai walai #quote
@user do you know where justin is gonna be tomorrow for the interviews?
@user trying to do a pick up pre order for the 20th anniversary PS4 controller but it won't let me. Is it online only now?
@user @user is a treasure. He has helped so many people come to terms with Islam. He has unique gift. May Allah preserve him
Anyone wanna buy 2 Jason Aldean tickets for this Thursday at Darien lake? You can camp with me and Dj for free!
'Sara' has just come on my latest Fleetwood Mac playlist. It ,akes me have these kind of reactions - good article:http://t.co/SnTRvoWn7k
Eid is September 24th and Drake is releasing his new album that day this will probably be the best eid gift I've ever received alhamdullilah
Bethe Correia called Rousey out again? Clearly she had a few screws knocked loose on Saturday night.
I see John Cena going for his 16th Title!!!! #SummerSlam
Awesome Thursday meeting!!!  Mike D. rocked the house! (@ Double Tree by Hilton)
Chicago (IL) Sun-Times: Cancel all plans tonight: Sarah Palin is interviewing Donald Trump
@user @user Heat didn\u2019t start the season like that in their 1st year. LA lost to MAVS with no Dirk! Pathetic!
@user appreciate it!  One more for you if I may; need to SIT 1: Garcon, Alfy, Asiata, Stacy"
Justin Bieber - What Do You Mean? You don't just have 1st on the billboards but 2nd &amp; third. Over there
"Sorry , I have to sleep , tomorrow all day #MTVStars Lady Gaga
"Happy birthday mom! 2nd round of music on the house , much love to the Calle doce for the gracious hospitali
if i agree to hang out with u on a sunday you're probably very fucking important or you're david beckham
@user I doubt it's coming at this point, may as well just get it on PS4 when you decide to pick one up."
I love real friends and ptv and taking back Sunday and fiatc and neck deep and knuckle puck and ymas and tonight alive and nirvana and
That's right it is Thursday night. Come to Boots &amp; Slurs and let David Price and Hollie King make you favorite...
Hopefully going to the seton hall fall exposure showcase October 20th with my boy Mike D.
Asia shares gain despite oil worries: Asian shares rose on Tuesday despite another fall in oil prices after Iran said it planned to i...
@user Kim Davis is in jail standing agianst Gay marriage. Barry &amp; Michelle R 1st Family,Gay/Tranie in WH. Burn the Rainbow Flag"
"#redsox Over the Mon Daily Red Sox Links: Bobby Valentine, Clay Buchholz, Jose Iglesias: Usually a win makes eve...
"Miss last Friday's Soundboard, our radio partnership with @user and @user Podcast here:
"Moderate-heavier rain moving toward Racine...should be dry for the 6th Annual St. Patrick's Day Parade though, starts @ 12!  Bring sunscreen"
Today @user is truly one church in multiple locations : the desert, the mountains, the beach, Disneyland.... Have a great Sunday!
Go figure on Miss USA is talking about bi racial and 1st time immigrants sad how the owner missed up the girls this yr.
@user I despise Sarah Palin. You may want her support, but she'll end up sinking you like she did McCain. Proceed cautiously.
Amy Schumer Steps Out in Black at the 7th Annual Governors Awards
This is the 1st Halloween my kids didn\u2019t go trick or treating... Kinda sad they are TOO OLD for it now cuz I...
@user @user and if there had been no talking w/ Gerry Adams &amp; others from the IRA, there would be NO GOOD FRIDAY AGREEMENT."
Sheamus was the 1st WWE champion from neither US nor Canada.Conor McGregor is 1st UFC champion from UK or Ireland. Irish men are tough.
If Petraeus is ruined then so is McChrystal -he probably handed out the guns in Libya - bc he owes Obama/Biden for his 4th STAR
"Also this: Multiple sources told me the Red Sox did confiscate signs in support of Orsillo at Fenway last Monday, despite denial from Sox."
When Sarah Palin and Donald Trump speak for America, I think it may be time for a new revolution.
MT @user My apologies: my bronchitis prevents it\u002c and Countdown tonight. Bill Carter & @user replace\u002c respectively
A slow-mo video of David Beckham and the family's new pup, Olive, to kick start your Sunday? Sure.
#CGVB is off to the finals! Everyone go to Reynolds Colosseum at NC State at 2:30 on Sat. to cheer #CGVB to back-to-back state champions!
@user Will be at Irving Plaza NYC\u002c no doubt! will be the 4th show ive seen so far. the band that saved\u002c inspired and showed me life.
Bay Area heads! i\u2019ll be on the piano at Yoshi\u2019s San Fran this Sunday playing with the one n only Dwight Trible -
@user going by the 14th amendment, denying gay marriage would infringe on the rights of people under the jurisdiction of the U.S."
"Join us for the last KIDstuff show of 2012, next Sunday, Nov 4 at 12:30 pm in the Smith Center. Get a sneak peek...
Sounds like a Sarah Palin line that didn't make the cut for being too crass and glib.
What's better than beers with @user ? Cold beers on a Friday night at Zac Brown Band #Bros #SummerOfCountry
I can already see articles talking about this and how he should be w/ Briana or some shit the Sun will bust a nut
@user did i read the barons schedule right when it said we play the dallas stars at home on sunday?
Which pose would you like to choose?  Tuesday 4:00-6:00p.m. Yoga classes at Ferdowskids.
Playstation Vita will receive great additions and games: As you may have seen with our previous blog post on the...
Your #Saturday #Satisfaction with Mariah Carey - Thank God I Found You (album version) #zaterdag #samedi
ITS THURSDAY!  And that means we're starting MYSTS OF ALBION. Campaign packs at the ready guys and if you...
I noticed Erdogan standing in that mosque whilst the rest were kneeling. Interesting snapshot is all I'm saying.
Happy 27th birthday to the one and only Conor McGregor!!
We hope everyone had a wonderful Eid! The league resumes Saturday July 25th at the regular times &amp; locations. Academy resumes July 28th.
"Seeing @user tomorrow at LifeLight! Hoping a cover of ""Bad Blood"" is included in the set list!"
@user free trial of NBA league pass until nov 7th check it out on
"MLB: Kris Bryant hits walk-off HR with one out in 9th inning, giving Cubs 2-1 victory over Indians (ESPN)
Tune in to 104.1FM at 7pm to hear the best of Friday Night Lights football coverage of Neodesha at Fredonia with Jeff Carpenter on the mic!
Mets 3B David Wright crushed the ball deep to left on the third pitch of his 1st at-bat
Oh my god everyone please stop talking about the Steelers tonight. We are not playing. We are irrelevant tonight.
watching it 4 the 2nd time 3shan @user @user  (watching The Devil Inside) #TheDevilInside
@user Its a tragedy!!!Muslims should always help Muslims lest they become a prey jn the hands of enemies.May Allah swt hv mercy
"lots of studying to do tomorrow so goodnight I love all you kiddos &amp; my sunshines hayley atwell, chris evans &amp; seb stan x"
@user Hmm\u002c I\u2019m going to have to get you a nickname of your own. Nice\u002c get out of Swansea on a Friday. Which train are you on?
I'm coming back to to Dayton November 15th for half the day. Pretty excited to see everyone again
I'm sat watching the worst Harry Potter film ugh
Zionsville students did well on ISTEP! See the results and quotes from school superintendent Scott Robison in tomorrow\u2019s paper!
Taco| Playground x Deadline ~ This Saturday: Meet and Greet with Nipsey Hussle and Dom Kennedy for the Playgroun...
Why am I not @ Hot Jam..... Oh yea right cuz it's MONDAY! fuckin fools!!!
@user nooooo I am possibly going to be in dayton tomorrow night!!! :(
@user I\u2019ll look it up tomorrow..I only wanted to hear Keith Urban & Carrie Underwood sing & who won entertainer of the year lol
An oracle casts a spell so that she may see the future shadowed in mystery. #amwriting #amwritingfantasy
"May the blessings of Allah fill your life with happiness and open all the doors of success now and always. "" Eid..."
Frank Gifford was a great football player. I remember he used to be one of the commentators on Monday Night Football too. #RIPFrankGifford
If you are a frequent flier, you may want to finally get that Amazon Prime membership... via @user #Flying #Amazon
"Mannn some negative energy in SM Ent. Lee Soo Man's wife passed away, may she R.I.P."
Massive good luck wishes to Alan Pritchard and David Owen running the snowdonia marathon tomorrow #smashit
"Fantastic stuff from Paul Dunne, broke so many records as an amateur. Very likely to be in the last group tomorrow #TheOpen"
Kris Bryant...So what was Scott Bora$ bitchin' about?  WOW!  2-0 #Cubs in CHC/LAD Top 2nd
"If Chuck Norris can have a chill Friday, so can you. Come celeberate the weekend, and chill out on our patio with...
At the Creative Alliance for the 1st time to see a screening of Directing Dissent about John Roemer. Full from Mathews Pizza. #datenight
May be get @user to do us all a favour and sink the thing with a gunboat (Leave Angela Merkel)
Beyond excited for the Apple Event tomorrow. Mostly for new Apple Watch bands as I'll be trying not to get the new iPhone.
#WalkingDead fans . I will reveal a major spoiler for next week's The Walking Dead tomorrow at 12est at Pass it on!
Okay guys going to take the night off to finally get rid if this cold. I'll be online tomorrow labor day for Harry Potter trivia
"RT @user The only dirty bombs on Sunday will be the ones launched by Mark \""""Dirty\"""" Sanchez and the Jets as they pummel Romo's Homos ..."
I had a dream Aaron Samuels wasn't happy it was October 3rd.....
"Heading to Split and Hvar today, then tomorrow in Hvar and the following day on Pag Island"
"going to enrole at college tomorrow, can't wait:L"
"A New Work, Threshold, will be read by the African American Repertory Theatre of Virginia this friday at the...
"Hmmm...November 29th is NOT a good day for melody. Monteverdi, Donizetti and George Harrison all died on this day (a few years apart, true)."
"Most people may hate john cena, but I think that man is hilarious on the mic @user @user
EXO & B2ST fans\u002c do follow There may be some OTPs you ship alot there! ^^
@user Thomas, you must use this against Harper even if it did come from Ignatieff.
"On Eid ul Fitr 2nd day we have visited  Kot di jo kilo, Khairpur and sukkur Group members: Faraz, Nouman, Fayaz, Umar and Me"
I hope all the fans stayed into the 9th to watch Harper go 0-5. #nats
@user Good luck from @user to Cork Youth Orchestra preparing for its concerts with Michael Ball, 8 & 9 Dec, City Hall, have fun!"
@user Sunday was a much better for the Lexus tent, fans were AWESOME so we all at the @user appreciate the improvement! Thanks y'all!
I just became the mayor of Sun Cellular - SM Sta. Mesa on @user
"Taking Go Set a Watchman with me to the beach tomorrow, the critics haven't put me off in the slightest
@user couldn\u2019t be without it now mate!! The thought of havin to watch Downton Abbey on a Sunday night makes me wanna top myself!!
I'm crushed "It's a hoax: Jay-Z and Beyonce aren't trying to buy rights to the Confederate flag via @user
ATTN: WRESTLERS- Still time to join this Sunday\u2019s Seminar/Tryout. Here\u2019s the info:
get used to it / justin bieber
"Catching up on movies before they leave theaters.  Trainwreck was as good as everyone says it is.  Tomorrow, Ant-Man."
"Monta Ellis : \""""We can be between the 4th and the 6th place in the East\"""""
"Return of Chicago's beloved son, Derrick Rose, will be February 28 at home v 76ers. Same team same floor. 1 day before 10 months #justaguess"
Anybody selling a pair of Jason Aldean tickets for the 19th at @user My girl @user needs some!! @user
Front Line with Kamran Shahid ANP Shahi Syed
FINALLY going to Disneyland tomorrow idc if it's gonna be packed
all the jack and jack girls ain't gonna have no chill when calibraska comes out tomorrow.
can it just be 5:30 tomorrow evening alREADY because Ant-Man will be over by then and the post credits will BEGIN
Got my @user tickets in the mail today!! So excited to see Mario Lemieux drop the 1st puck! #Hockeyisback
"Who needs sleep? It's not like I have a test tomorrow or anything...
My two west stand lower season tickets for the Albion are available tomorrow night versus Leeds. Let me know if...
I don\u2019t think Dwight Howard is gonna last in LA. He\u2019s already frustrated and it\u2019s 2nd game... Uh oh
"TCNJ saw off St. Lawrence yesterday in their 1st Round match 4-1, with two goals from Scognamiglio and a goal each from Curtis and Cummings"
26-02-2016-parlament-election-in-iran- Par La Ment Election In Iran 2016-february-26 Friday- Parlament Election Wahlen Down with Dictator
Mark Cuban: Apple TV Is a Pipe Dream And why the HDNet founder thinks that may be a good thing (Mike Shields/Adw...
"Ooh national girlfriend day on Saturday and there's a fan screening of Paper Towns, what a lucky coincidence"
Anyone else going to the Big Brother stuff at central tomorrow
"Thinking about quoting John Cena in my job interview on Friday. That can only go down well, right?"
"Djibouti Swamp (8-9, 5th, @user ) beats Miggy Smalls (1st, 12-5, @user ) 223-200 MVP - David Price with 60 points"
"Tracy McGrady signed with a team in China today.  Clearly, that team does not have aspirations of reaching the 2nd round"
"We as Christians may ask the question, ""Why is everything turning to evil and to the worse for the True Child of...
Saw you like Disney @user @user @user - we'd love to see you at our show tomorrow or Sunday!
Yakub should be hanged to death tomorrow the Mumbai's culprid else will oppose it by following a black day
@user Sure absolutely-- I meant out of the Bachmann\u002c Perry\u002c Santorum\u002c Herman Cain bunch this election. And Romney was not my 1st choice
@user you may, the wonderful thing about people's tastes - completely different.  This Bentley doesn't offend me too much tbh.
It only took 5 days for them to fix the broadband outage. China Telecom may be improving.
"May as well strap the golden cockerel from WHL's roof to Kane's back so that the burden on him is at once metaphorical, symbolic &amp; literal"
Downloaded Joseph Prince - Keep Your Eyes On Jesus - 10 Jun 2012 with #RealPlayer
Tom Horne was a lying bastard when he said he marched with MLK\u002c he\u2019s a lying bastard as Arizona AG. That\u2019s why I love him. XO Jan Brewer
@user @user hey, turns out Obama may be right about man made climate change destroying the planet after all #IranDeal :-p
Probably going to go see Bernie Sanders this Sunday in GSO.
"Later today: Cowboys and Aliens, good food, My Chemical Romance and Blink 182 show with @user and her friends. Jazzed 2 teh max!"
@user Looks clear cut for Federer though. But 3 sets may be a critical   variable when he plays against Stan or Murray
British Summer Time Hyde Park 2016 tickets: Florence + the Machine and Kendrick Lamar to play July gig
Chelsea may have 33 out on loan; Wait till you see what's going on at Juventus
why am I not going to the Foo Fighters concert tomorrow
"I hope I never forget about Frank Ocean's verse on ""Sunday"""
@user i challenge you to get 7.5K by August 20 or you have to draw Naruto sexy jutsu #ChallengeMeToGlo
6th strike out by David Price. Love the calm &amp; trust from our pitcher #BlueJays
Your Labor Day wknd sounds great&amp;all, but did YOU spend the 1st 5mins of The Rocketeer explaining Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken to your BF?
"#fashion #style Kim Kardashian Explains the Special Secret Meaning Behind Her ""Just Mar...
"85 schools closed and nearly 120,000 students affected by Boko Haram attacks with ur we can do more for them @user
#Commit2Mitt Bus Tour stops: Avon Lake\u002c Fairview Park\u002c Mentor\u002c Chardon & Kent.  Hope to see you there tomorrow!
"This will be my 4th year in a row geared up as Cena passing out candy to the Trick-Or-Treaters, the kids love it & so do the moms ;)"
@user you pretty much know post 18th Sept I'll be glued to PS4 playing all the DA:I DLC ;) - comics today I think
@user I hope all your loved ones back in Maryland are okay! I didn\u2019t see you\u002c Wednesday. :)
De La Soul is Sunday at Clockenflap?! WTF! At least they had the decency to sched Uptown Rockers for Saturday @user #NYinHK
Nero: Apple event is about to start. Apparently they are about to get serious about gaming. Again.
@user did you know I love your face? Because I do. PS. @user I named my rubber ducky Capt. Sparkle-Pants the 3rd. #wtf
Lana Del Rey on the 15th of May? (Unintentional rhyme) someone must come with!
Getting ready for CHA 2015 Reunion September 26 on campus in Murray. It's also Family Weekend with a football...
Carly Fiorina seems to think that 12 year old girls shouldn't be given the HPV vaccine. She may think it's only for girls. Michael Douglas!
I'm having this problem wherein I watched Saturday Night Fever yesterday and now I can't stop listening to the Bee Gees.
Tiffany\u002c CNBLUE\u2019s Yonghwa and B2ST\u2019s Kikwang will MC for the SBS K-Pop Super Concert in America on Nov 10
"It's lookin up for the NFL! According to ESPN's Chris Mortensen, locked out officials may soon be back on the field."
Yeaaah tomorrow I can download the mew Pretty Little Liars again!! #PPL
@user thnx for the follow! The Chronicles of Jan sound hilarious! Love the tribe of Periscopes. Very Douglas Adams.
"Kerry Washington, Viola Davis, Amy Schumer and Jill Soloway all make @user power 100 list for 1st time. #changingtheworld"
I'm like a little kid the night before going to Disneyland! Can't wait to be in #Houston tomorrow for @user game! #freezeTAMU #ASU
Wait\u002c I have to wait till Jan. 8 for Pretty Little Liars to come back on? That Halloween special was just a tease...#fml lol
Steve may in fact be the biggest pussy in Big Brother history #BB17
Daylight savings time ends this weekend. And I don't know what this means for the timing on F1 on Sunday.
Omigod omigod omigod... the biker jacket I've had made in Hoi An is PERFECT! A few alterations to the dresses to check tomorrow. Can't wait!
@user Have you seen yesterday's @user article about Joe Biden? He may decide not to run for #POTUS
"Off to Edinburgh today, so excited! Foo Fighters tomorrow night, I'm so ready to rock with the guys! @user
This is well said. Hulk Hogan is the greatest of all time. The overreaction by WWE is total insanity.
Operating G3KMI this evening from the University Maths Tower on HF bands. 6:15-pm - 8pm BST. 10th floor\u002c room 10037. #ham #hamradio
French pressed cup of verve's Los naranjos with a bit of Hank Williams. Good morning!
Catch Paul McCartney on Saturday Night Live tonight!
The mobile game "Snake" may end up being the most lucrative part of Microsoft's Nokia purchase.
"That they may see &amp; know, consider &amp; understand, That the hand of the Lord has done this, the Holy One of Israel has created it. Is. 41:20"
@user bentley got a fat ass like nicki minaj and hair as golden as the sun
Lol who wants Dunkin tomorrow because you know I'm getting some
@user DONT OMFG well. I only came back because Naruto hooks up with Hinata and the 2nd gen is cute.
If I didn't yell at someone about Taylor Swift or Kesha then the entire day was a waste. Try to be better tomorrow.
"I thought UK gays were the reason we had to deal with Sam Smith in the first place, but most of you are shitting on him. Happy Tuesday!"
August 24 I will go to New York for the Summer Slam !!! Do not wait when Undertaker Funeral career Brock Lesnar.
@user will the NYSE and Nasdaq be open tomorrow
Animal Planet star Tia Torres of Pit Bulls & Parolees to attend For the Love of Dogs festival in Smyrna\u002c GA Nov 3rd
@user I wrote a column about the Royals for a site that you may be interested in reading:
Cba with work tomorrow! #Boring #Blag
@user Also read how #MSM lies: thin crowd @ Ramlila on 3rd day:http://t.co/w5NNSQyW n Read for facts 60K+ crowd 2day
@user Then are you willing to eat meat during Eid and Christmas ? ek din meat kha loge toh mar nahin jaoge.
@user @user the one that I liked the 2nd best was Bobby Jindal.
@user @user @user as the SCOTUS has interpreted it,the legislation in the 14th amendment protects same-sex marriage
Who's going to be at Zac Brown Band next Sunday?
