Merkel the Great: Angela Merkel set to run for 4th term according to reports
Petition for @user to open the @user show in Milan in March.
Preparing copies to take to #Telford town centre tomorrow now. Good excuse for a teensy shopping trip with daughter methinks!
Starkville\u002c MS! Coming at you tomorrow night to rage at Ricks Cafe and we\u2019ve got a pair of tickets to give away....
@user fuck it  I'll buy your Jason aldean ticket if we go tomorrow haha
I\u2019m going to Ferry Corsten at Sutra OC in Costa Mesa\u002c CA - Oct 28
Rick Perry: debating like the Seinfeld character that refers to himself in the 3rd person. "Jimmy's gettin' angry!"
Pool Party Stories: Dana White treats both teams to some fun in the sun
"taylor kitsch is all i need.. yeah, see you tomorrow big guy. can't wait for bieksa's charity game"
"Condole the passing of Lee Soo Man's wife from cancer, on the 30th of september 2014"
Girl at the Dunkin drive thru window just started crying as she handed me my drink.... Happy Friday!
The 23rd caller is going to win the tickets to see NERO at the Hammerstein Ballroom next Saturday. Call NOW!!!!
"Corpse Party Blood Drive may be coming to PS4, apparently it has a trophy list
@user &lt; Hi Andrea, thanks for the note - I did see the news re Google+, we'll discuss that more in your meeting on Friday :D
paper finished\u002c cma\u2019s over\u002c blake and miranda dominated\u002c accounting hw got pushed to Wednesday. going to bed happy :)
@user Got you in 6th rd. Have a great year! Here we go Steelers, here we go!"
"You never forget your first love, not surprisec in Oedipus's case he saw her every Mothering Sunday."
RT @user my mom just told me she's getting an Ipad 2 on Friday....I better get a Mac for Christmas.
"Yakub's role in '93 March serial  blasts is repeated, but very little is said about those who organized 92 December, 93 January Mumbai riots"
@user @user Lowering the rims may be the one thing that will turn me OFF to WBB. My attraction to WBB over NBA is fundimentals
"Why can't people just accept that Louis got Briana pregnant, end of story, move on
@user i'm going to try to wake up for Yoga on the Beach tomorrow ^^ It's later on Sundays so I might actually make it...
Be fair, Cde. It's like the way my Arsenal will viciously fight any team that tries to come 4th. It's our spot.
Hi Dr Bloody Curtis : EarlyModBlood. d0 u want to get FREE iPh0ne 6? Kindly check my bi0. Thx
@user rolling stone says van Morrison's astral weeks is the 19th greatest album. should be #1. happy 70th birthday van. 8-31-15.
Hopefully this game in Chardon tomorrow we come out with a win! #tigers
Turkey's Erdogan fights for his throne by battling Kurds: Turkey went to the polls on June 7, but a new govern...
Where's a good place in Studio City/LA to watch Monday Night Football tonight? Lemme know!
Can it be February 26th already? Bioshock Infinite looks amazing.
Stanford will play at San Diego State on November 1st. Saint Mary's goes to Arizona on the 2nd. UCLA hosts UNLV on the 8th.
Ugh just learned a Gilmore Girls spoiler. Does it still count as a spoiler if a show has been off the air for the life-span of a 1st grader?
@user you can't beat a bit off Michael Jackson on a Wednesday morning #time tunnel
That's just the cause of Kendrick Lamar being in the studio
Tests show it is easy to insert Galaxy Note 5's S Pen backwards; doing so may damage device's stylus detection mec...
Tomorrow is the only pool part at night to b at with @user AND @user Splash Dance @user
if kanye west runs for president and gets it this means Kim kardashian will be the 1st lady oh my god the world is a beautiful place
@user I may not be speaking for the whole world here, but have always thought Bono is a wanker &amp; U2 overrated. There I have said it."
@user @user @user @user Let's be honest. Joe Biden would win once he's in! He may even ask Warren to be R-Mate
it\u2019s a sunday\u002c i think in the spirit of douglas adams and feeling like shit i will have a second bath
@user Lal Bahadur Shastri is the Rahul Dravid of October 2! Agree?
"I really hate to think it, but the same type thing that's happening to Miami could happen to Alabama tomorrow."
"I may or may not have freightened a large number of L.A. residents, merely  by making EYE contact with them in the past 48 hours."
"Trayce Thompson continued tearing the cover off the ball Tuesday, going 3-for-4 with three RBI as the White Sox edged the Red Sox 5-4."
Again-just like #Windows 8- @user makes 10 w/o the start menu their best customers want - 3rd party app needed
"Actually may fit-1.Leonardo paints1493 Milan""Old Caterina""2Overpaints it1503""Lisa"" 3Overpaints with""Young Caterina""
"When u say ""put on"" u gotta give Wayne the credit for nikki. Gucci may have been fuckin wit her but Wayne the reason she ""on"""
Summer is BUSY! Saw Ant-Man with super heroes LilF and @user Tomorrow Minecraft with @user and @user
Saturday night Adult Swim (Cowboy Bebop + Ghost in the Shell) reminds me how much I adore Yoko Kanno's music. Such an amazing composer.
We are having a Sunday Worship event today at 11:00am in the Matthews Suite! Come enjoy the Lord with us and connect with other Christians!
No! R u sure? I didnt even know Milan is polluted . I thought all time is cleaned. To know I'm in LA to take the sun .
