"Sick!""@SportsCenter: Have a night, Kris Bryant! Watch the Cubs rookie hit his 1st career walk-off home run. #SCtop10
Okay may I cry my eyes out at the bridge in I Dont Even Know Your Name (Shawn) bc that one is so awesome
"Let this Christ, this King of Israel, come down now from the cross, that we may see and believe."
Omg worst last 10 days in a while. Looking forward to True Blood to cheer me up tonight.
I want some Dunkin tomorrow morning
@user @user @user "and destroy Jeb Bush while I'm at it!" Though these same priorities may be reversed for all I know.
"Every Tuesday after I watch @user raw all I want to do all day is walk around sayin ""My client BROCK LESNAR!"" before I start any conversation"
Game of TONES 1st question today on @user with @user  - Who was Mariah Carey married too from Sony?
Part of the Dluxe team are off to Milan tomorrow! Feel free to throw out recommendations to us for things to do #milan #thingstodoinmilan
Let me tell you about the experience I just had... so me and Lexus said bye for the final time before I leave tomorrow. Let me describe
HBO comedian Bill Maher made the case Tuesday night for ousting 2nd District Republican Rep. John Kline via @user
@user I recall an  insane 80s Friday Night WWF classic where he hobbled with crutches into another match to ""help"" rival Hulk Hogan."
"If real life was like Amazon, those of you who bought Kobe as the GOAT may also like Justin Bieber, Super skinny jeans and Vaseline"
Top SEC teams have chance to play in the Cotton Bowl and Jan. 1 games: Capital One and Outback. As for the Pac-12: Alamo\u002c Sun\u002c Holiday\u002c etc.
I can't believe it's been 12 years since I lost my Big Brother. Today is his birthday and tomorrow is mine. When...
Are you guys as ready as I am for RIRI 7th album .... Come on NOVEMBER 19 :) #rihannanavy @user rihan
Worked long and hard tonight ahead of an intense all-day coaching session coming up this Saturday with Rik Johnson and David Wright!
"Trying to leave, I'm only 10 minutes late (so far) - still need to dash to the ladies room.  Can't wait to hear who is on DWTS tonight!"
Williams stopped short of the goal line on 3rd-and-6. Heels line up to go for it on 4th-and-2. Brian Kelly wants a timeout.
So I may have just bought Minecraft.
I can't wait for Ed Sheeran tonight omg like I knew about him before he was famous and went to his free concert when I was in 9th grade
Cloud helps businesses, but moving to it introduces challenges. Overcome them @ IBM breakfast briefing on Sep 3.
A pleasure and honour to march with @user at the Pride Parade in Manchester yesterday! #ManchesterPride2015
"Sam Smith on twitter talking about the end of his tour. He better be in Raleigh, come October 6."
Il Divo - Isabel love this song very much... 1st time came to Spain n hear this song\u002c I fall in love with song..
Totally just realized Paul Dunne won't get a cent of the 1.8M first place prize if he wins #TheOpen tomorrow.
Dwight Howard is dominating this game 29 pts & 9 rebs with 15 minutes left in the game (3 mins in 3rd & whole 4th qtr) #LakersPride
"#PetitionPolitics The blasts may've been planned by Tiger, but it needed impeccable execution, and Yakub did a great job here, reports say.."
This is as brutal of a loss as it gets. Up 6-0 then up 2 with 2 outs in the 9th only to blow it. It\u2019s going to be a very long winter in WSH.
The wildest lie I told a chick when I loved in ATL I told her I just got drafted to the Falcons in the 6th round before Google was poppin
@user come on C4 revamp it there, TF1 Sunday with Chris Evans? Please no. I'll just watch the full races and nowTV the good Sky ones."
"Come to """"Hot Jam with Suzanne"""" Friday, November 9 from 11:00 am to 1:00 pm.
"Glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll. Auburn, which is likely to finish 5th in SEC West, No. 19 in country?"
I'm not going on holiday until the 25th because me and my dad wanted to watch the Inbetweeners movie when it came out LOL :') - Georgia
IRONMAN 70.3 in #Ballarat 11-13 December. Haven't trained? Do the Twilight Fun Run 11 Dec
@user Naruto is the sun its alright
Just put a bet in for tomorrow night already. Never did this before. Miami Heat -5.5 against the Knicks.
"I want to see Jason Aldean tomorrow night, thanks for noticing that @user
Talk about running the world.&amp;#160; Michelle Obama sat down with rapper Wale on Friday to answer questions and promote her Reach Higher
"I haven't talked to you since July 19 th and all you can say is \""So do you like Beyonce's new cd\"" GTFO"
Bellarmine Prep drives all the way to the Curtis 6. Bendixen 23-yard FG way left and misses. 0-0 -= 4:27/1st.
@user @user @user it's October third. the day that Aaron Samuels talked to Cady. we still need a viewing party.
"Like Frenchies, the only way George Osborne and May can beat @user is by cheating &amp; backstabbing.  #samething @user
"Well tonight is gonna be full of Dexter, LOTR, FIFA, and Fantasy football. Let's  hope this isn't my college life."
Ready for the Pride Parade on Sunday? Here's the route so you can plan ahead: -#PEAKMornings
A survey question ahead of tomorrow's announcements: What's the right price for an 12.9-inch iPad w stylus and keyboard cover??
Hey\u002c all you #SupportLocalTalent folk\u002c tomorrow is the deadline 11:59PM to vote for HMA People\u2019s Choice Awards #HamOnt
@user ...next Friday\u002c iA! Can you tell me what\u2019s going on with VCU\u2019s interMSA? How many ISA members are going (if any at all?)
Sat in the dark listening to Randy Orton's theme tune is exactly how I want to be spending my Saturday night
Guti! He hits a 2-run HR in the 7th. M's down 4-2 to the White Sox.
"When persecution scattered early Christians, they ""went about preaching the word."" May we do likewise! (see Acts8:4) #reclaimthemorning"
Man City up against Juventus and Sevilla in the #ChampionsLeague - do you think they have a chance? @user
"...Private Suite for Four Chicago White Sox  with Jeff Samardjzia autograph baseball (Sept 13, 2015 vs Minnesota Twins)...."
At the office listening to bob Marley doing work...can't say I'm hating my Friday afternoon
Which dj on the Star-lite line up is the host of BBC 1xtra\u2019s Tuesday night UKG show  a) Rampage....b) Jamie Duggan...c) Cameo
"Strong revenue growth at Tudou, but the company keeps on bleeding heavily -
@user How old? The Royals were the 1st Wild Card team. They'd have been in either way.
I smooth just set aside 2 stacks for the Grammys in February.
@user upstate NY! Near Binghamton NY, idk if u know where that is!!!! haha! Would u go Saturday too if he is still there or no?!"
Aaaaahhhhh dam! I am out of my favorite Tea! Damit I have to wait until tomorrow to buy it now :(
changing my name to Dustin Johnson because that's what just happened on the 18th #CHOKE #GameOfThrows
Something may be slightly amiss in the NFL when Tim Tebow &amp; Devon Still are cut &amp; Tom Brady is allowed to play.
It's Friday night, at home sipping on some Crown Royal Whisky, listening to AC/DC, talking and tweeting with friends.   Life is good!
Watching Red Tails ... for the 1st time
I'm sat here reading all of the Hulk Hogan tea like...
I saw Pitch Perfect tonight and freaking loved it!! Anna Kendrick is my new wife and i think I may be in lov
@user Chanot\u002c you may want to travel this Christmas. Phuket or Bali! :)
when it's august but you're still listening to frank ocean's old albums
Should be a good webinar. Enchoice has a great deal of experience with IBM Content Manager OnDemand
"Praise the sun, Dark Souls 3 stress test sign-ups are open
"An interesting toy". Looks like the the Swatch CEO isn't a fan of the Apple Watch (via guardiantech)
Let the debate begin: Eli or Big Ben - When the Steelers play the Giants on Sunday\u002c there will be something swirling...
Watch Van Gaal play De Gea in the champions league so Real Madrid won't sign him in jan..... Dickhead
@user Eddie Curry is showing more lift then Dwight Howard who looks like the 2nd coming of Tracy McGrady right now
"December 26 - Lady Gaga at the airport ""JFK"" in New York
Saudi Arabia said on Sunday that at least two women were elected to public office in the conservative Islamic kingdom after winning seats
@user Biafrans died on Wednesday bomb blast at Gombe in  Zoo ( Nigeria).We want to be free from this killing everyday by the BOKO HARAM.
"Too bad its purpose was to demonize #PlannedParenthood and Muslims, making it a sort of reverse MLK march
"On One Friday Rasoolullah (Peace Be Upon Him) Said: ""O Muslims! Allah Ta'aala has made this day, a day of Eid, so...
Keep the streak going with our huge student section for our games tomorrow @ pope... Pope @ 5, Lassiter @ 6...BLACK OUT
Real Madrid captain Sergio Ramos speaks to the press about the botched transfer of David de Gea f
"\""""Senran Kagura for PS Vita may be the most advanced breast physics system with complete costume destruction comparing the 3DS counterpart\""""."
Apple Watch with expected price of Rs. 25000 coming to India in this October
@user I was watching the show today & was awesome show & congrats to Melissa McCarthy so excited for her last night! Love you both!
@user I wouldnt care if you sat on Prince George's head infront of Kate &amp; Wills, you'd still be one of the fittest UK celebs around"
When does the ipod touch 6th gen, come out?
Sunday oliseh! i was skeptical first when he was announced as the new Super Eagles coach. as at now? he has my full support!
"Barcelona face a defensive crisis when they host Granada on Saturday, with Carles Puyol (knee) and Gerard Pique (foot) both sidelined."
Pizza for dinner and watching Jurassic World. Pretty good way to spend a Friday night if you ask me
Saw that Dustin Johnson had the long drive Friday @user just a little over 400 yds at 406. Go after that Bubba!
@user Also read how #MSM lies: thin crowd @ Ramlila on 3rd day:http://t.co/w5NNSQyW n Read for facts 60K+ crowd 2day
Big Brother ends and Survivor begins on one of my best friends 21st birthday....Ima be a little late to the festivities
"Mark Trumbo (knee) returned to the Mariners starting lineup on Sunday, going 1-for-3 plus a walk in a victory over the White Sox."
Bring the kids along to Scary Mary's Halloween Storytime on Wednesday at 9.30am at Genera @ Generations Cafe
@user my favourite Michael Jackson is the one with the tingalingalingalingashingshongbhungbhaaanng tap tap moonwalk on the sun
Tomorrow Annabelle with love
Cool for the summer Good for you Lean on  Bad Blood See you again
Grateful Dead July 4, 2015 Set One - Fare Thee Well from the PIT Tripod
We can make the 27th iPhone, interactive robots, and grow brains but yet MCDONALDS CAN NEVER KEEP THEIR ICE CREAM MACHINE WORKING.
@user Batman &amp; Robin (Trump &amp; Cruz) please save America from the communists! May God be with you! (or it won't happen)
Planned parenthood, Joseph Mengele, and Adolf Hitler salute you. You've done well for the 3rd Reich.
@user I feel like Bomani vs. Rovell intellectually is roughly equivalent to Rousey vs. a 4th grader in the octagon.
ok so i want to cry like, my expected delivery date for my ipad is thursday which is AFTER i leave like this is the absolute worst
Going to ace tomorrow\u2019s paper with no mercy at all
Can\u2019t wait for opening night at Madison Square Garden. Will be there for the Knicks/Heat game on Friday! #fun
"hope i get to catch Monday Night Football tonight, havent got to see a game yet.....it's only preseason wk1, but feel like ive missed a lot"
Duke Energy CEO Jim Rogers addressed the Democratic National Convention Thursday afternoon
"congratulations to Jessica Lee Morgan, who placed 3rd Runner Up tonight at Miss Teen USA. Jessica also won Miss...
Hillary and Chelsea are beautiful women.  May God continue to bless you President Clinton.
Remember\u002c 1 November is the Solemnity of #AllSaints: a holy day of obligation.  Be sure you assist at Mass or it\u2019s a mortal sin. #Catholic
Fuck it I haven\u2019t done nothing in like 2 months. Maybe I will see if my mom will watch Aaliyah tomorrow so I can do something
@user btw yakub was a good terrorist !! may he never rest in peace ..
"The White Sox say Mike Olt is expected to join the team ""in the coming days."" Sox back here against the Indians on Monday."
If you say you're lesbian but you can't be friends with straight guys because you are afraid of what may happen between y'all. YOU AINT GAY!
"While leaving 4th block I saw Joe in class\u002c I yelled \""""JOE\"""" & he came out and just looked at me. I interrupted him talking 2 a teacher whoops"
"Justin Bieber's complaint on Obama's entrance, Colonel I's being sorry I now he may be Lady Middleton, his doing a more conjectural;"
@user knock to the ankle,should be fit for Sunday. Sturbridge is 50/50. Apart from that fully fit squad I think. Vermalen still sick?"
#2012Memories seeing @user for the first time at Riot Fest in Chicago. September 15
"Currently sweating more than Brock Lesnar, house feels like the sun"
@user hi, i've trying to contact quantas bu phone with no success since last thursday...i left an ipad in a plane, could you help me?
VIDEO: Fury as lion killer returns to work: There were angry scenes in Minnesota on Tuesday as the US de... (BBC)
Dear ppl who attribute vocal fry trend to Britney &amp; Kim K: have you ever heard Jay-Z talk?
In #Dallas tomorrow night? See @user Petronio Co @ Winspear Opera House.Read interview re dancing with Trisha Brown.http://t.co/nErWSikS
Calibraska had gone down to 6th in the UK!! #CalibraksaEP
"Tribe Uses Homers to Set Sale; Indians 3, White Sox 2: The Indians beat Chris Sale and the White Sox, 3-2, Mon...
by @user Southwest 737-8H4 getting ready to fire up its CFM56's. I'm so excited about going to LAX saturday...
Just did Spartacus 2.0 and sauna...imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it
"Friday, December 11, 2015   Tony Blair says he got David Cameron's permission to warn Colonel Gaddafi to flee...
Gonna start the 80's Show with Pride by U2 - just for All Ireland Sunday !  Starting at 1 pm on RTE Gold Digital Radio !
everyone wore their nirvana shirts yesterday n last week friday im wearing mine 2day keepin it goin !!!
Geekery: Just learned about the Tim Burton &amp; Danny Elfman 25th Anniversary Music Box Set. Now if only I could...
Messi has scored 10+ goals outside Camp Nou for the 6th consecutive season: 25 - 21 - 23 - 27 - 32 - 10 (ongoing)
Prosecutors began reviewing evidence on Tuesday in the fatal crash involving Caitlyn Jenner:
With all of the Hulk Hogan controversy I hope Monday Night Raw is redeeming tonight!
I feel like I'm in 3rd grade again watching the VMAs.   Kanye is to Trump as Nicki is to Miley.
Red Sox have runners at 1st and second in the bottom of the 3rd.
@user magic girl don't stress yourself and you don't need to say sorry health come 1st take care and I hope you had great time on Eid
@user U2 at the Brendan Byrne in Spring of 85. I apparently joined @user for the 2nd leg at the Coliseum in the Fall.
"Harry during Louis &amp; Briana's Wedding  If tomorrow you won't be mine, won't you give it to me one last time oh, baby let me love you goodbye"
ROBERT PATTINSON paid tribute to his BEL AMI co-star UMA THURMAN as he presented her with an award at the 19th Women In Hollywood ce...
@user Hi Bob.\u2019m Fine.Tomorrow is a holiday here\u002c All Souls\u2019 Day \u2019n the 15th Republic Day\u002canother holiday.Now I\u2019m a little busy ...
Come on Dana white. Can't even have Holm defend the belt once between now and July.
I mean I'm ok with watching randy Orton and Shia labeouf for 2nd period
"On this day in July 26, 2010~ #RAW: Randy Orton vs. Jey Uso
cant go to hot springs for the band marching contest because i didnt march at homecoming
Sunday was the first cooler-than-normal day @ BDR in October. This morning was the coldest one of the season.
@user Endymion is now rocking the charts\u002c What nexts? C\u2019mon tell us something
@user The fact that he officially endorsed Rick Perry back in June.
.@JenniferJJacobs: Rick Perry: A young 1st term senator put country's economy and foreign policy in the ditch, time for experienced leader.
"#Brewers on the board in the 1st against the #Reds thanks to a solo shot from Ryan Braun, his 24th."
I just saw Norman Reedus in his car and I there may or may not be a tear in the corner of my eye because that's DADDY
Your only "Live and Local" country station in the Triangle, @user was the 1st to make this huge concert announcement. Eric Church 2 Raleigh!
only 7 net hits at Fenway as the Blue Jays and Red Sox are in the top of teh 9th deadlocked 1-1
Thinking I'm going to Charleston tomorrow!
Vampettes we are back on the 21st place keep tweeting with the hashtag #MTVStars The Vamps #MTVStarsOf2015
"If you google \""fresh prince costume\"" I\u2019m the 3rd picture!"
"if anyone brings me Dunkin iced coffee tomorrow, you'd be my hero"
RT @user Lady Gaga is attending Britney's concert tonight. She's in an arena full of Britney fans. We really did make her brave...
Who's in the pit for Eric Church's acoustic show on the Nashville riverfront tomorrow night?? THIS GUY
anyssa just said that when the boys started singing c'mon c'mon at WWA all she thought about was me
Ugh! Michelle Obama was selected the Best Dressed Woman by The Sunday Times (Time).
"Japan and Korea did it in 70 years. India and Pakistan can do it too. And so can eventually, Palestine and Israel. May just take longer."
"WHOA. Dana White just said that if Ronda Rousey wins tomorrow, Cyborg is next. Superfight may be just a few months away"
This was bozo Trump's moronic Charlie Hebdo tweet from back in January - not about last night's atrocity.
Check out some live jazz music from David Taylor and Tom Ogunribido today from 12-2pm in the LPC Student Center 2nd floor dining area!
@user @user It's not really a hiatus. There's just a 10-month space between Ant-Man and the next MCU film release, Civil War in May."
This week has me so exhausted &amp; I'm going to a Janet Jackson concert tomorrow w/ the fam. Oh mah geeeeeee
Beyonce, Pearl Jam, Ed Sheeran, Coldplay and more play at the #GlobalCitizen Festival on Sept 26! Spread the word:
Big Thurs coming in HS Football: Richwood @ Ouachita\u002c Grambling @ OCS\u002c & St. Fred @user Will have you covered all wk @user
"On Dec 14 will know the nominations from Critics' Choice Awards, pray for TIHTY #MTVStars Lady Gaga"
"So sad to see the Broadwalk in Atlantic City destroyed, we were only there back in April - hope they can rebuild it #AtlanticCity #Sandy"
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. ~ Julie Andrews #motivational #quotes
@user good to read results with no side effects showing-  see they are doing 3rd trial - any possibility to get Milan into it?
May the Force (touch) be with you, Apple. Unleash that monster iPad. Come on! #AppleEvent
#Pastors consider dedicating service on Sept 27 to praying for @user &amp;for Christians persecuted around the world
The Apple Watch may become so addictive it keeps people from looking at what's truly important in life, like their iPhones.
A three-month-old boy was found abandoned at a platform of the Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) on Saturday night.
I'm going to Milan tomorrow omg I forgot?????
UEFA Women\u2019s Champions League update\u002c including @user scoring in a game with lots of Americans:
@user @user 8 IP, 3 H, 11 K in 1st start as a #BlueJay.....are you talking about a different David Price? #ace"
Merseyside Derby proper goal fest so far! Hope for more in the 2nd half! #SuperSunday
"Can't wait to wake up next Sunday in Cuse w/ the family enjoyin a nice big breakfast w// a lotta laughs, both for the 1st time in awhile"
We have finally discovered a day of the week worse than Monday: Amazon Prime Day. Seriously, Monday &gt; Prime Day. #PrimeDay #PrimeDayFail
Working Sunday's in wall with no Dunkin is not going to be fun
Today should be on Nike tomorrow Glasgow to Edinburgh cycle so won't see Monday work so will miss it &amp; off Tuesday ???? My mojo has gone
I might see Justin bieber in concert for the 3rd time and I'm so happy
About to see Ant Man... I don't expect it to be as good as A Bug's Life, Antz, or Seinfeld's "the Bee Movie"... But I may BEE surprised
December 4th 2011 Curitiba\u002c Brazil - The first and last time I saw Suicide Silence with Mitch. I\u2019m glad I ha
Carlos Cuellar\u002c Louis Saha\u002c Adam Johnson AND Steven Fletcher? They may have had the best summer besides Chelsea.
"Sunday Oliseh, Jay Jay Okocha: Super Eagles coach refutes rift with Okocha....
.@kingsroadrocks Enjoy 'Fun on the Fly' with @user in Green Park on the 16th from 4-6pm. Obama is a fan!
Attending #WIFLC with our chapter on Sunday? Please bring items for the charity event. Check @user FB for more info. #DECALove
"Just put the TV on, see George Osborne. My Sunday is ruined. #marr"
if u could just like send good vibes for me to be able to meet shawn on Saturday and win the contest that would be so cool thank u love u:(
Francesca is leaving Milan tomorrow and I don't know how to feel about this
Heads up that David Wright is back with the Mets for the first time since April tonight so I may have FEELS about baseball tonight.
If you guys don\u2019t have plans Saturday night\u002c now you do! Come down to the Rex theatre on E Carson st and support my dude @user
Discover the Business Value of Your Library Card Wednesday\u002c September 19th 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm Harold Washington...
"Selena's greatest hits album is set to come out November 24th, &amp; it's called For You it will include 2 new songs &amp; 4 old songs she's done."
"Almost all the senior people's of AAP have supported Yakub, may i know on what ground you all have done it? @user @user
Chris Evans Genre Radio Show 07.11.2015 Gothic music and other genres share if you like #goth #alternativemusic
@user Vanessa\u002c Emily and I are going to the mall tomorrow. Vanessa still needs her outfit too. Aha
I can't wait to go to the Angel game tomorrow vs. the Rangers and talk shit to Josh Hamilton
#DailyDouble time! Liam's on a Friday night double @ 11/4. Get it here &gt;&gt;&gt;http://t.co/puba8PjJbn
Gay asf going to go see the perfect guy friday lol
I suppose their will be a quick flight for Kerry to Israel for damage control. Putin picking up the pieces
"Carmen Consoli at the Teatro degli Arcimboldi in Milan! January 22, not miss out! Book your hotel at the best rate:
Vice President Joe Biden will "meet with senior advisors" tomorrow. WH did not provide a location.
My gods, Sarah Palin is genuinely crazy, isn't she...
*firework go off  Jake: it's way past 4th of July wtf  Me: Memorial Day?  Jake: makes sense  Me:  Jake: Me: Jake: Labor Day you jackass   Oh
~on ISTEP i passed math but not english O well i am going to the 9th grade WOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
It may be the right wing Indo SF TDs silent over Adams's links to IRA tax dodger
Karwan e Shair shohoda lunched by air vip pakage 1)iran iraq 22 jan with 3&amp;4 star hotel 2)urmra iran iraq contact: waqar kerblai 03084455248
26 August Free Kids Minecraft App Building: Creating web apps about Minecraft!
Well I do love me some Ice Cube. I'll give my opinion on Monday if we see it.
Bruh like was this the DJ from Club Bodi i swear i heard the same music Thursday night lol
My biggerst worries about this hurricane are Meryl Streep and Susan Sarandon\u002c because they live in NY\u002c may God protect them and ther family
My hope for the two remaining empty podiums on Thursday is Chris Christie and John Kasich.
Starting my Friday off with some Ice Cube #westside
I may love asians from Japan! But I have a girl that I'm gonna marry. Believe it! She's a ghetto ass short girl that's clumsy as fuck lol.
"Why your hospital may be unable to stop spread the spread of Ebola, by Ray Kurzweil ttp://t.co/2LUAxlADpN"
@user I cant see Rousey fighting you Jan 2 because she's filming a movie after &amp; u would destroy her face. You deserve the big payday
Going to a bulls game with Aaliyah & hope next Thursday
@user literally just learned that ""otter"" was a thing on Tuesday. Gay roommate is teaching me so much."
"david bowie's daughter was born august 15,2000 just like me. coincidence? i think not."
"TOMORROW! Scott Walker essentially said black lives don't matter.  Not joking, just saying. #EDWeekly 7 @user
Kootenay Pride Parade 2015 3pm SEPTEMBER 6, 2015 Back for its 19th year, the Pride Parade is the most visible...
@user He's going to beat Seth Rollins THIS SUNDAY NIGHT AT WWE SUUUPPPEEERRSLAMMM!!!
What up CM Punk keep up the great work i love watching u every monday night i hope can kick rock ass at the royal rumble
Focus on Faith and Climate Change: Pope Francis &amp; the 4th era of the Catholic Church's engagement w/science Premium
Tonight with us is @user @user breaking down everything Floyd Mayweather vs. Andre Berto on September 12th.
The beautiful village where I live is having a Christmas market over the weekend.. Sat twilight market and Sunday...
Harper, you may not think Justin's ready, but urine over your head.
Perry: but Morgan State scored a touchdown at the top of the 4th quarter\u002c cutting Howard\u2019s lead to 21-14 w/ 11 minutes left in the game.
I think the boys may have thinking about Zayn at the #OTRAPhiladelphia when they sang Fresh Prince Bel Air
@user @user I got ducks game tomorrow. Diana called me and said she will be down there.
i remember when niggas use to compete with me on who knew the most Gucci lol real deal fan hear since a 4th grader lol unk put me on
"Thanks to Ryan Braun's defense, catch and guns down runner at home, Brewers get out of 1st down 3. Was 3-0 with bases loaded and no out!"
"Ant-man was good tho. And props to the guy who mention about the 2nd extra scene at the end of the movie, you da real mvp."
@user #AskMNW are you proud to be apart of #agentsofshield/marvel's amazing female leads (May, Skye, Simmons, Hill, Hand,Romanoff,LadySif)"
Boonie Bush Safari Outdoor Fishing Hiking Hunting Boating Snap Brim Hat Sun Cap with Neck Flap (Digi - $12.9
Watching last nights Red Sox v yankees game before the derby match this afternoon.
Look at Ice Cube riding the wave...
To see paul McCartney perform because there's a chance he may bring  Kanye out and miss the weeknd or not?
Kim Kardashian makes post-baby debut in live stream chat: On Thursday evening the 35-year-old Keeping Up With The Kardashians star ga...
@user @user I don't expect any changes on the banking and telecom sectors in near future! May be after completion of WTO talks
@user u wont be able to buy me that latte tomorrow if u work from 3-7 sillly\u002c unless we go to gets it once were with troy and them o:
#Strikeforce Results: In an instant MMA classic\u002c Miesha Tate & Julie Kedzie went to war. Tate pulled out the W with sub at (3:28) of the 3rd
"#ReasonsIAmAWrestlingFan Macho Man,HBK,Bret,Roddy and others who got me 1st hooked on it."
TFI Friday was good in the 90s because it was new and Chris Evans was young.  Someone needs to tell him this is crap and dated.
