Just finished a great photo/video shoot for a Nuit Blanche fashion exhibit. It'll be on display at the Pantages hotel on October 1st.
Pretty stupid when you lie to the media: they may never believe you again. Sam Smith could have found a different answer!
Spotify's Sean Parker and Daniel Ek Make Music -- and Some Noise: The Full D10 Interview (Video) At the 10th D: All Things Dig
I may just get up out of my car and beat the crap out if this guy in the Lexus in front of me in traffic rn
Wise words of Kristin Chenoweth: knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing you\u2019ll ever learn
John cena love you ask a question you will be Monday in wwe ??
Rockets today with NEW team of Asik\u002c Jeremy Lin\u002c and James harden!!!! watching only 1st quarter then leaving to and party
@user right you are, they could end up picking sidney crosby 1st rou... wait a second, that already happened"
Bbsr: Autorickshaw union calls for 12-hr strike tomorrow in the city protesting against fuel price hike and cap on LPG #Odisha
Regardless of what happens- Thor's recovery from the 1st and his middle innings here give me hope for the future #LGM #Mets
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. HE decides  sat time it is.
You broke asses better donate tomorrow if you go to Ihop and leave me a tip
Everytime my mom calls me I answer with "Thank you for calling Planned Parenthood, this is Karen how may I help you abort your child today?"
I got an iced coffee from Dunkin donuts this morning and it literally tasted like sink water and it ruined my whole Thursday
"After that, I'll start plugging mine and @user live tweet of the new FOX show Terra Nova on September 26. #maybewewillgetfreestuff"
1st they didnt cheat 2nd you're going against Kpop don't you understand that it's not just one band??
26-02-2016-parlament-election-in-iran- Par La Ment Election In Iran 2016-february-26 Friday- Parlament Election Wahlen Down with Dictator
"The @user Name That Celeb contest just refused Caitlyn Jenner as 'correct' answer, demanding Bruce instead. C'mon y'all. @user
My phone interview with Disney World for the Web Design internship is tomorrow!
Absolute must-read. Where the Kane investigation stands &amp; what could happen going forward.  #Blackhawks #PatrickKane
"Ha. It may not say it on the case but starting up MGSV, Kojima's name is on the PS4's game start-up image."
so tomorrow is picture day but idc so i'm just going to pretend likei forgot and go in nike shorts. whoopse.
Enjoying how the Jay-Z vs. Abdel Halim Hafez lawsuit forces serious newspapers to put "Big Pimpin'" in headlines.
I just hope the Gazans will realize that Israel is their friend and their gov't is their enemy!
Don\u2019t think Chelsea should appeal for Torres\u2019 red card. Let Sturridge play tomorrow. It\u2019s the Carling Cup\u002c not PL.
"And just like that, North West is a big sister! Kim Kardashian gave birth to her second child with Kanye West Saturday morning, which"
I heard the Frank ocean album was supposed to be released tomorrow so I'm staying up these 7 minutes to have my hopes crushed
Get the best mascara in the industry here! Im wearing Younique mascara for my big day Saturday if that does not...
Carl Ikeme really tried for the Super Eagles last Saturday. Finally a tough rival for Enyeama. so calm and calculated.
Rousey keeps running her mouth like the 3rd grader with a crush.
"Hmmm...November 29th is NOT a good day for melody. Monteverdi, Donizetti and George Harrison all died on this day (a few years apart, true)."
I come through the drive through at dunkin just about every Sunday and it's been two weeks since my regular doughnut girl has been there.
Summerslam preview coming Fri. Only 4 announced matches even tho there will be 7 or 8. Very odd. Will make for brief preview!
@user I saw the Oreo ones & it gave me the idea for these! Just in time for a peanut butter addict colleagues birthday tomorrow xx
Just want to thank pal @user for his part in Batman #44, out tomorrow. The issue is exponentially better for his contributions.
#FavoriteBaseballMovie Field of Dreams. Gets me every time. I mean c'mon playing catch with Shoeless Joe would be legendary
Chris bosh MAY be the ugliest man alive.
@user I guess our IHOP trip will have to be postponed...actually I don't even work Saturday so I mean we can still do it then
Seth Rollins has always been the future and being  the guy to finally beat cena just solidified his legacy #1st #TitleforTitle
Yesterday Judge Pastor ruled there will be no more delays in the Conrad Murray manslaughter trial. He also stated...
Finally done with my 4th period hw time to watch naruto !!!
This nigga in Friday look like the guy who played Ice Cube in Straight Outta Compton
Never say never .. &amp; how do you know ? He gone be somewhere in the studio with Trey Songz and Frank Ocean gay asses
@user #MLBCentral David Wright crushing a dinger on his first swing since April 14th. I didn't think he would pull a Wilmer Flores!
Bad times when u missed Waterloo road last thursday when in Tenerife and dont realise it was the last episode :( #notfair
When you remember Iron Maiden's #BookOfSouls album drops this Friday...
the only thing brighter than the sun is Niall's smile -my brother just made my day
tomorrow ashould i go for the Gay look or the artblogger who probably has a kanken look
Well I do love me some Ice Cube. I'll give my opinion on Monday if we see it.
colts game tomorrow with drew Budd!
@user @user Our team is the most hated in the league. Did you see Lee and Terry's frustration Tuesday? Welcome to the CELTICS!
Liverpool Football Club roll out the Red Carpet for the RNLI. Nov 30th. Joe Longthorne\u002c Asa Murphy. Tickets 32.50. Send MSG for tickets.
@user usually go to a mosque in Farmington Hills. But got an exam tomorrow..so not going.
DTN USA: Sunday on MTP: Scott Walker: THE TRUMP EFFECTDonald Trump has exceeded the expectations of several po...
"#TeamFollowBack Another pageant, another Q&amp;A fail to make you question our educational systems During Sunday's Miss USA p...  #FollowBack"
Celebrity Juice tonight 10pm itv2. Hurrraaaaah! its a Back to school special
'Swachh Bharat' appeared on Saturday 4 at the 14th place in the Top20 of Pune's Trends: #trndnl
I won the 2nd Star in my McLaren 12C GT3 SE in #CSRRacing #RaceYourFriends. Download FREE!
What Would Derek Fisher Bring to the L.A. Lakers?: The  Lakers  may soon be creating a new position for free age...
Playing me some of The Offspring in the car. I head may explode due to Nostalgia if Pretty Fly For A White Guy is performed at Soundwave.
"Weird thing today, my copy of Deus Ex: HR shipped. Probaby have the box a few days before Steam lets me play it."
An Amazon delivery on a Sunday is as unpredictable as Arsenal on transfer deadline day.
Demba Ba is a doubt for Newcastle Utd\u2019s trip to Anfield on Sunday after he limped off yesterday.  The problem...
IBM has the grand opening for the Toronto garage Sept 9th. Here how clients innovate here
Since it's free on Amazon Prime, I'm gonna watch Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles now. May the gods have mercy on my soul.
If you like games the Game On Austin sponsored by SXSW Gaming October 25 will be exciting.
Just found out that Bria and I are going to see Sam smith at the gorge tomorrow!!!!!!
#Panorama was just a start. Expect a tsunami of BBC bullshit if/when Corbyn wins on Saturday. #JezWeCan #Corbyn4Leader #Jeremy4Leader
I Will Be Performing at the DC Star on September 1st Hope Yall Can Come Thru!
@user It\u2019s cool\u002c the less recognition we get\u002c the more we win. I\u2019ll take that....all the way to N.O. in February.
I have a feeling UT will give Ole Miss all they want Saturday. May be a trap game for OM. Depends on UT OL. Ole Miss has fierce pass rush.
Who's ready for Iron Maiden day tomorrow @user Maidens The Book of souls album is unleashed .
Gucci inexpressibles pneuma probability october open the team thine exclusive invasive procurement versus gown...
@user thanks tea sounds good but gotta update the iPad 1st
Until Dawn worth the buy? Going to pick up my PS4 tomorrow
Kpop fandoms may hate eachother but if ppl keep provoking Queens it's just going to make those same fandoms wanna vote for T-ara.
@user   Daily Telegraph reports Angela Merkel has said the EU may be forced to bring back passport controls in the wake of the migration
"Since today is National Ice Cream Day, does that mean that tomorrow is the observation of National Ice Cream Day?"
Anyone else willing to drop $120 to see Paul McCartney at Nationwide in Oct? Or is it just me...?
@user The Vietnamese are the ultimate realists / survivalists: 1st Monsanto and now Nestle. #ComingFullCircle
Jason Aldean Sunday with this beauty #sundayfunday #summernights #concertseason2015 is not over yet  #staytuned4more
Floyd Mayweather may be the most arrogant human being on the planet but that nigga rich af
*talking to Gunny about who's playing tomorrow*  Me: Messi and then some Mexicans that you don't know  Gunny: that's okay. I like Mexicans
Gucci rain coat w the hood to hide my identity on this fine Monday morning
@user She sat there this morning when Levi picked up her shirt and then lifted her paw to show she wanted to wear it today lol.
As a Jewish accepting Islam should be considered. You can keep the Sabbath. But Friday becomes your new Sabbath
John Kasich reminds us he was Chairmen of the House Budget Committee for at least the 5th time tonight lol #GOPDebate
Whitecaps vs the mighty Robbie Keane and LA Galaxy this Thursday\u002c 7:30. Fuck training\u002c hitting up @user
The earliest you can complete your 2013-2014 FAFSA is January 1st and our priority deadline is March 1st. You must fill one out every year!
Sitting next to Reid Hoffman\u2019s 2nd cousin at @user He\u2019s a landscape architect to the stars :) #sonotintech
I may be as excited for The Martian as Star Wars and Batman vs Superman, and just behind Captain America: Civil War.
Ironman Wales highlights on Channel 4 tomorrow morning at 6.35am. I hope there's no footage of me being sick on the run!
If you guys wanna see some snapchat stories of like Hayes and all the other peeps tomorrow at Digi go add me on snap ~ ssecrist10290
@user @user @user If @user can't win the open tomorrow then I want Paul Dunne @user from Wicklow to win!
highlight of monday was chucking a mattress down the stairs which hit eleanor around the face\u002c causing her to fall down the stairs
Bentley active on the 1st defensive drive. Good see from the LBs
"Today on the Jasmine Brand: Lil Wayne Says Atl Crowd Sux, Beyonce in Part 2 of WTT Trailer + Rihanna Straddles Old Man
People been lined out for this gold pack since Wednesday night at the Florida Mall... Smfh
Let our Nov.6 vote be in Andrew Breitbart\u2019s name.  Let\u2019s show he DID NOT die in vain!   A vote for Romney=a vote for Andrew
David Price has a lead in the 6th so basically this game is over
Get Your Business on the 1st Page of Google / DIY-SEO, Tuesday, September 15th  #constantcontact
#Cubs Kris Bryant exited Sunday's game against the Brewers as a precautionary measure due to dizziness.
@user @user @user  calibraska is coming out tomorrow so excited get ready for it
You kinda look the same Kendrick look a little different lol
"I don't blame Lee, though. If I understand it correctly, Watchman is basically the messy 1st draft to the masterpiece that is Mockingbird."
If DDG is stuck here till Jan, can we offer him to Barca just to annoy Madrid even more.
@user Muslims refugees by himself and then by right you could of sat at home and wanked over his pics
Damian may be a better fighter one day but for now Jason is the best fighter &amp; he's got Batman's prep skil.
#samesex is morally deviant.  Shove the damn gay cake where the sun don't shine.  #KimDavis speaks the truth. Stand for #truth not lies
@user @user Actually Todd here is starving for a theocracy; nothing new under the sun. Fox fans those flames. Easy to sell fear
Lord I say this prayer today bless the red sox in anoint them for thay shall have victory over the Yankees today in Jesus amen
Going to have to call it a day after this set - but then so might Murray. Tie break. 3rd Set. 2-0 down.
@user @user @user Is it true you guys are having Brock lesnar on your show tomorrow?
@user RT: ""@Niaz_kilam22 @user Happy 22nd Birthday Zayn! I love you and I hope you have a...""
Weekend pressure at TPC Sawgrass? Look no further than Harris English - 12 shot swing in a day - goes from 67 Fri to 79 Sat
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day so make sure to get the cream in your mouths
David Price may not shut out the Angels tonight but he will shut. them. down. | @user | @user
Everyone refresh so we can break Taylor's Bad Blood record for most views in 24 hours! C'mon Beliebers we can do it #WhatDoYouMeanMusicVideo
Niall posted a pic of his hairy leg in the sun and im like wtf the fuck why so I scrolled and there was Zayn's beautiful face thank u
@user have just emailed you - Ashton on Wednesday????
Finna hit the Grammys tomorrow then ima finna go thug it with @user live in my stomping grounds in the IE! #GrittyGrindN
Hey today is the 17TH.. 17...Taylor Kitsch's Hockey Jersey Number :)!
I wish @user was going to Cowboys tomorrow. I miss her.
This nigga Dwight Howard has end of the game stats in the 3rd quarter
Tomorrow is a rest day aka I plan on watching Harry Potter and doing homework all day
Can someone take me to Blossom on the 18th to see Ed Sheeran
I hope that John Cena wins the wwe world heavyweight champion for the 16th time &amp; Seth Rollins is right the future is now. #titlefortitle
"Super Eagles led by its coach, Sunday Oliseh  is playing Taifa Stars of Tanzania at the National Stadium in Dar...
Celebrity Big Brother starting tonight and XFactor starting on Saturday. It was nice knowing you all.
@user Damn lol. I needa catch up. You know it took me the whole 5th grade to watch Naruto, and that wae the year Shippuuden came out?"
"Excellent FREE program on Sun., 1/10 at @user -- he's been to Iran (and 110 other countries). #RiverForest
I hope the plane home tomorrow has Cougar Town and Friends on the tvs. That\u2019s how I spent most of the time flying here xD
"1 day left!Time is ticking down...Tonga should start getting worried ('',). Just kidding, may the best team win!!!('',) tomorrow.Go BLACKs"
You may be cool but you'll never be David Beckham at the Wimbledon cool. #Wimbledon2015 #DavidBeckham
The hardest thing about tomorrow will be leaving Bentley, but it'll be nice for my hands and feet since he's always chewing on them
@user Happy Birthday! (I know it\u2019s already Friday in Singapore\u002c but Happy Birthday anyway!)
I may have just exceeded my gay
Well it's about damn time Nike
"WHOA. Dana White just said that if Ronda Rousey wins tomorrow, Cyborg is next. Superfight may be just a few months away"
@user I was tempted to watch the returns at Chase with Curtis's crew (pretty sure I could actually get in), but I have to work tomorrow."
24in. Haman Head Pinata - Purim Jewish Holiday Party Game: Celebrate Purim with this Haman pinata! This pinata m...
@user Pretty good.. HBU? Ready to watch the Raiders tonight??
Lol it was Labor Day weekend chill out
@user @user That used to fly over Bolton on Tuesday afternoons. Think it was Tuesday anyway. Must have been a regular delivery run.
@user Do you agree with me that spearing Christian was your 2nd best spear???? After to that guy you did a spear to in royal rumble.
You can't say Muslim and claim it's not about Islam! It's a fact for those who have a monochromatic gaze like urs
"Its a Saturday what better way to spend the evening than to see an advanced showing of Paper Towns, 3 weeks...
"Ahh, the Polish Festival is today and tomorrow! Shoooooooooot. I hope I can make it tomorrow :S"
@user I don't get the Davis love. I mean sure as a 3rd string guy he's ok but he's no starter or Tom Brady
all the jerks who signed petitions for mercy for Yakub have ensured he doesnt go out for them .. No?
"#LiesToImpressPeople I was in the 2nd to last row in the stadium concert &amp; David Bowie talked directly to me. Actually, he did. Impressed?"
"Guise! Let's hang out tomorrow! I'll be going as Choji. If you're cosplaying a Naruto character, let's take pics!...
@user @user supreme law that SCOTUS uses to interpret the laws made by congress. Even then, congress may overturn SCOTUS.
Just found out @user 's adaptation of my 2nd favourite film The Ladykillers is coming to Edinburgh in the autumn
Tomorrow is National Ice Cream Day! How are you going to spend it? #bloggerperks #igotitfree
@user Were going to be at Boys and Girls Club to clean tomorrow at 10am. They told us to bring boots and gloves. All are welcome.
Banging on The #RollingStones on a Friday night with @user to start the weekend - after-hour Nirvana.
"Oh goodie it's gonna be a snow storm tomorrow morning! Fun commute coming! Winter is awesome!
Just watched some of the video i took from the Public Enemy's 25th Anniversay Australian Tour last night at the...
New Skyfall Trailer is Live. - *fans self* Is it October yet? I have ALL THE FEELS for this. Goddamn.
@user a fair performance for the Super Eagles in the first half, I hope they improve on their play in the 2nd half, #GoEagles"
Found the limited edition of Midnight Sun. But since B2ST\u2019s oppars are going to work on a new album. I\u2019m not going to buy the 5th mini album
black    holacost   Christians   how  many   of  !  gave   praise  to   Jesus   sunday   do  research  .  he   was   a  muslim   prophet
@user @user Four Lions is on Sunday night @ 9pm on @user Make sure you watch it boys. (Eid Mubarck Imran) #veryfunnyfilm
If this is the end for @user I once again have to commend @user for his emotional Gary Carter memorial show in February
@user how sad are you that Downton Abbey ends Sunday? :(x
"Quin Coleman breaks a 19-yard TD run, getting Hot Springs within 34-14 with 2:51 left in the 3rd. #arpreps"
TD Bank We welcome you into #LittleHavana but please do not raze the 1930s bldg on the corner of SW 12th & Calle Ocho. Keep the facade.
So excited to be going with my lil girl Jaz to see Ed Sheeran &amp; Christina Perry tomorrow night #DaddyJazAdventures
Did we all forget about Kendrick's Black Friday track? Lawwwd
"Us Magazine Kanye West Has the Best Time at 2015 VMAs, Dances to The Weeknd's ""Can't Feel... #news #May #Omg #NFB"
Lack of LTE may cause Google Nexus 4 to flop: While Google is expecting the Nexus 4 to be a strong followup to the...
Massive thunderstorm over Milan last night. A few more of those expected across the coming days. Friday looking sketchy.
Everytime I reread/re watch Game of Thrones, Ned Starks death at the end of the 1st book/season is the most depressing. #GoT
"I'm not kidding, the White Sox are running a promotion called ""Selfie Sunday"". And they wonder why they're the 2nd team in the 2nd city"
@user I'm pretty sure it's like Katy Perry's Last Friday Night
Are we just going to ignore the fact that Ice Cube got his ass whoop by Ricky Smiley at the beginning of Friday After Next???
Cate Blanchett may star in the new Thor movie IS NOTHING SACRED ANYMORE
The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Sunday it now considers the conflict in Syria a civil war\u002c meaning international...
"#3DT Make sure you find your self at the \""""S.E.C\"""" THiS Thursday for $3 Thursdays!!! $3 w/ College ID $5 w/ Reg. ID til 11pm!!! #iParty"
"MILAN, Aug 30 (Reuters) - After losing only three league games last season Juventus have now lost the first two of the new campaign as a"
Ghost Rider 2: Spirit Of Vengeance\u002c may just have enough nonsense to satisfy @user Statham-quotient.
Internet Wrestling Community nearly had a heart attack at the idea of John Cena winning 16th title with the figure four. #SummerSlam
You may not have known Steve Sabol\u2019s name\u002c but chances are you knew his work. Ron Jaworski and more look back:
"Just a quick reminder about Camilla's Yoga class, 11am this Saturday at Beanies. Hope you see you there.
@user @user @user @user Web Poll Question for tmo.  Did Serena tank the 2nd set for dramatic effect against Venus? #conspiracy
Apple's September Special Event tonight :D #iphone6S #iphone #apple #live #september
@user This May Yassine character claims she's heard a song from Zayn's new album. She says it's good. i don't believe her tho
During nap time I will: watch the end of Hart of Dixie\u002c set up Activity Corner for tomorrow\u002c & study more genetics stuff. #hotdiggitydog
Have to get used to getting up early again starting tomorrow. Yet it seemed so bearable only when doing it for Nandito Ako\u002c lol.
@user v sun burnt &amp; felt the need to put justin bieber lyrics to it bc who doesn't want some jb in their lives
David Wright went 2-for-5 with two singles and a run scored in Friday's 10-inning loss to the Red Sox
STATS Hosted Solution | News: NEW YORK (AP) Tom Brady learned Thursday he will start the season... #NBAStatsPipes
@user I agree, BUT.. We play Chelsea Saturday don't forget so it's good for us! You still comin Saturday??
Mildly hysterical about seeing the Foo Fighters on Saturday - The Pretender via @user
"I've only had 3 costumes come in tonight, and they were all Marvel.  Thor, Thor, and Wolverine.
@user is going to be arriving at the @user tomorrow for the #UWEFreshers. Come and try Yoga for FREE!
"With Frank Gifford's passing, Keith Jackson is the lone survivor of the original Monday Night Football telecasters
Arsenal and Liverpool eye January move for the 'next Cesc Fabregas' - Daily Star
@user  in the pub on a Sunday but.. I am sat next to some Christians #doesthatcount #atheist #cheersforthethunderstorm
"RT @user Last night I had a dream that I made it to the VMA's , & I was on 106&Park talking about my album coming out. Time t ..."
Tiff died and Ariel had a panic attack and Alonso went nuts and Mike sat there like a Barbie doll.. Katie talking about after prom
@user Hi, Sunday interview, you said ISLAM means submition to the Will of God. Not quite right.Submition to ALLAH's will"
The Yu-Gi-Oh Legacy of the Duelist series for PS4 is coming to the 5th episode. Have you seen it? Here's the 1st one:
Stoops says one of his players will miss 1st half vs LSU - self imposed penalty for what he calls selfishness on the field. No name given
Former Gov. Rick Perry said Wednesday financial woes won't be the death knell for his second bid for the White House:
@user still get ABC and SBS, gotta be the aerial. Looks like I'll be making the climb tomorrow."
"remember when ashton tweeted me about the 1st atlanta meetup :,)"
black sabbath are announcing their tour and iron maiden just released their 16th album what is life
Iran Says New U.S. Visa Rule May Violate Nuclear Pact. All the Ayatollahs want is the Terrorism Billion$
Only good thing going right now is my David Bowie raccoon hat comes in on Saturday
@user okay but you need to go to Berkmar so we can see each other everyday and it could be like 7th grade.
@user @user marvi u better apologize to every Pakistani nd Muslims over ur non sense talk in 11th Hour or prepare 4 the Hell
"Trump addresses the RedState Gathering on Saturday, as do two other highly ranked rivals, Jeb Bush and Scott Walker"
@user like your pose and the background 1st runner up Jessica Sanchez! I am your # 1 fan from the Philippines..
"Milan fans living through Bee, he's living our dream. Just please get rid of galliani before buying the club
MBN reveals #10 in #ORLrank tomorrow (top 10 players in Magic franchise history). Can\u2019t wait to reveal who it is.
@user Sorry about the Sharknado 3 tweet. Forgot you must wait until Sat. to see it. Won't say any more but think you'll enjoy it.
on the bright side DWTS cast cumin Mon. my girl Kym better b on &hav sum1 that she has a chance 2 win again! go Kym !  ;-)
Islam is on the march on the whole world and good people are keeping quite.. #RadioBiafra
C\u2019mon CBS!! I wanna watch the Patriots!
@user can\u2019t wait to see you Saturday! Texas is ready for you :)
Let George Osborne know how you feel in Manchester on Friday #EndAusterityNow
oH MAN i thought the deadline for ACT was tomorrow I have until the 9th bless
.@LetsMovePGH Family Yoga at @user returns on September 27! Join us for a free class on the lawn:
Cate Blanchett to be honored at the 27th Palm Springs International Film Festival: Two-time Academy Award winn...
No classes tomorrow? Watching Harry Potter for the rest of the night :)
Wow\u002c Colin Powell going to CMU for MLK Jr. celebration in January. That\u2019s cool. A big name for little CMU.
Going to watch Connor run the 4x100m relay in State Athletics Championships at Olympic Park tomorrow. Wishing him luck!! #runforrestrun
#BloodySunday Martin McGuinness admitted he was the IRA  gunman who sparked 'Bloody Sunday' with a single shot
#xc-dsign The digital installation built for 2nd Nature Gardens at the Chelsea Flower Show used a ge
I just listened to Strawberry Swing by Frank Ocean 6 times in a row and I'm working on a 7th
Testing time fr CONGress frm Tomorrow\u002c #Ramdev at Ramlila Maidan Delhi as He braces up to catch the Rapacious Bull by the Horn. @user
Neptune to be larger than Jupiter one day? Dana White's answer may surprise you.
@user - Ever hear Tamias live cover of the Winans \""""Tomorrow\"""""
I may probably sell my pc and my smartphone to get a Nokia brick and live like in the 2000's... with no more minecraft.
So sad to hear about about Frank Gifford...May he rest in peace...
Sun is setting in Sarajevo. Split and then Hvar next in the plan :-D
Listening to Foo Fighters all day to prepare for tomorrow yeeessss
Did you guys watch 4th of July?!?  ....do you mean Independence Day?......
@user are you guys going to need mercy volunteers at the Green Bay, WI show?? I can help out next Wed... If you need it??"
Happy Birthday to the coolest golfer in Bali! @user !! :) may you become cooler and cooler everyday! Stay humble little sister! Xx
well...i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pics of the leaves. now i\u2019ll have to take pics of the snow. #thanksweather
@user @user doesn't know what he's talking about mate. Wilshere being saved for Wednesday same with vermalen!!"
@user @user SACRAMENTO KINGS\u002c we just beat y\u2019all Sunday and thurs night so what it was preseason won me some money. Nov11
Check out the new Iron Maiden Video from their forthcoming album Book of Souls out September 4th! \m/ Listen to...
Ryan Braun breaks scoreless tie with HR off Patrick Corbin on 1st pitch of 6th inning. Lots of boos.
.@NUMensSoccer: Another close-range IU shot goes high. Kyle Schickel checks in for Missimo. Kyle missed the Wisconsin game last Sunday.
Watching Jurassic Park for the first time!! Happy Saturday !
they actually went out just this January after the shooting at Charlie  Hebdo which makes today harder #PrayForParis
